and	saying	[	he	that	i	because	thou	what	the	behold	they	lord	thus	we	go	to	but	as	if	why	all	how	let	master	where	take	who	art	then	when	come	sir	so	thy	yea	follow	unto	according	from	my	which	rabbi	before	get	o	see	even	for	though	neither	put	by	whence	(	verily	with	wherefore	say	give	arise	it	in	seeing	fear	yet	blessed	she	went	or	dost	saith	a	well	having	came	wilt	whether	not	nor	knowest	cast	god	3	be	surely	no	david	of	turn	feed	being	there	whom	friend	hear	this	were	is	)	nay	upon	lest	whose	father	send	save	rise	ye	every	son	out	7	run	do	sing	both	oh	28	into	one	ask	two	wagging	2	call	therefore	6	man	was	until	those	13	grant	tell	will	wherewith	gird	now	an	heard	good	elisha	at	have	saw	lo	48	make	caesar	5	10	bethel	shall	hearest	sit	micaiah	abraham	timotheus	answered	beware	tarry	thomas	hath	suffer	24	simon	22	rose	except	4	crying	isaac	watching	over	build	enviest	his	32	dark	bringing	like	did	31	whither	calling	pursue	seest	answerest	saul	cornelius	twelve	canst	prophesy	draw	hail	shew	aeneas	dried	beseeching	peter	yes	curse	stood	away	jesus	hearken	reading	ephphatha	after	rejoiceth	33	here	bemoan	although	about	38	seeking	30	against	keep	fell	tempting	rabboni	depart	forbid	coming	number	straightway	alas	desiring	rushed	faint	tidings	dwell	buy	said	turned	offered	zacchaeus	took	lift	foxes	receive	hold	king	15	14	55	17	up	glorifying	while	can	declare	are	bearing	rend	amnon	bow	their	didst	peace	43	wherein	beside	9	judas	concerning	may	knew	yesterday	insomuch	peradventure	lay	on	shalt	remember	sayest	speakest	41	talk	anointing	sun	
the	israel	god	their	judah	david	jacob	his	ahab	our	my	saul	thy	jeroboam	joseph	bondage	baal	micah	obededom	[	prayer	haman	your	aaron	abinadab	millo	baasha	levi	mourning	simon	rimmon	eliashib	pharaoh	eli	cedar	him	joab	togarmah	nisroch	jeshua	machir	one	esau	jonathan	cedars	bondmen	feasting	jason	zacharias	gods	rest	pharez	shemaiah	isaac	them	baalberith	merchandise	gilgal	defence	ashbea	ephraim	benjamin	stephanas	heber	zadok	ahaziah	bethuel	ziba	habitation	her	mary	ishbosheth	josiah	jerubbaal	nathan	eden	philip	servants	mirth	asuppim	aphrah	ahijah	caleb	high	elisha	jehu	onesiphorus	ashtaroth	dagon	abimelech	which	judas	rechab	arza	sacrifice	]	a	hazael	issachar	azariah	ahimelech	
be	not	bring	come	surely	take	go	give	have	offer	make	die	put	wash	build	even	cause	slay	eat	burn	deliver	receive	live	judge	say	choose	rise	stand	dwell	hear	sit	lay	restore	kill	send	do	return	bear	break	set	let	speak	prepare	pass	enter	smite	save	know	destroy	add	redeem	flee	see	appear	feed	carry	pour	lie	pay	also	grow	cut	pray	shave	shew	never	turn	stretch	baptize	gather	stir	sprinkle	serve	purify	rule	besiege	shake	acknowledge	exalt	spread	magnify	cry	bless	begin	abide	shut	pluck	spoil	both	ask	divide	consecrate	fight	strengthen	call	tell	reign	minister	present	look	subdue	fly	roar	answer	separate	drink	cover	reward	gain	follow	suffer	worship	thrust	prolong	overcome	descend	glorify	presently	read	wave	vomit	fall	possess	execute	yield	continue	uncover	deal	expel	pronounce	throughly	plead	leave	accomplish	hide	lead	confirm	confess	lend	lean	testify	forecast	leap	sustain	neither	preserve	perish	blot	teach	play	cleave	keep	devour	neglect	number	walk	array	open	stumble	tread	bite	approach	therefore	spare	groan	punish	flay	direct	plant	lift	recount	overflow	hold	cleanse	count	work	gird	cast	praise	kindle	root	scatter	bathe	rend	at	in	gnash	recover	prevail	any	fill	sell	wound	write	recompense	anoint	reckon	reach	rain	mightily	utterly	suck	snatch	command	push	understand	order	
6	16	10	7	5	8	and	21	2	15	14	3	18	9	4	17	20	26	12	19	11	23	24	22	33	13	25	27	32	28	31	29	30	36	35	34	39	40	but	then	41	1	37	genesis	psalm	47	so	luke	51	46	55	57	50	53	exodus	38	67	john	44	42	43	acts	when	do	esther	now	52	hosea	wherefore	farewell	even	daniel	deliver	romans	surely	[	65	66	leviticus	deuteronmy	praise	herein	numbers	48	)	45	matthew	habakkuk	pilate	the	
,	unto	to	also	moreover	thus	in	.	]	again	on	that	likewise	furthermore	within	sibboleth	these	therefore	[	
is	hath	believeth	loveth	cometh	keepeth	[	]	doeth	giveth	was	shall	hateth	eateth	heareth	goeth	receiveth	speaketh	toucheth	walketh	sat	lieth	had	sitteth	gathereth	soweth	killeth	despiseth	sent	overcometh	smiteth	seeketh	taketh	made	regardeth	feareth	doth	putteth	entereth	abideth	followeth	formed	burneth	saith	came	condemneth	said	trusteth	prophesieth	gathered	getteth	hideth	remaineth	curseth	should	ruleth	smote	offereth	troubleth	honoureth	will	watereth	blesseth	maketh	destroyed	denieth	did	setteth	dwelleth	worketh	reproveth	hasteth	oppresseth	escapeth	openeth	sacrificeth	waiteth	tilleth	refuseth	reapeth	humbleth	leddest	planteth	betrayed	fleeth	beareth	covereth	sweareth	took	betrayeth	glorieth	serveth	sanctified	calleth	begetteth	received	perverteth	bindeth	rebuketh	committeth	bade	teacheth	pondereth	rejoiceth	scattered	wrought	winketh	hated	regarded	revealeth	created	planted	dippeth	considereth	seeth	singeth	watcheth	ruled	sanctifieth	findeth	they	kindled	hearkeneth	chastiseth	contendeth	handleth	ministered	spareth	ploweth	owneth	strengthened	delicately	talked	removeth	standeth	blasphemeth	hardeneth	talketh	swimmeth	feared	delivered	riseth	layeth	withholdeth	blotteth	earneth	exalteth	rolleth	sleepeth	increaseth	turneth	justifieth	smootheth	spared	uttereth	put	by	helpeth	diggeth	loseth	exhorteth	laboureth	descended	telleth	let	deviseth	holdeth	raised	biddeth	wasteth	shewed	knoweth	passeth	brought	gave	leadeth	sprinkleth	pursueth	heweth	despised	winneth	spread	answereth	stealeth	readeth	wavereth	sheweth	judgeth	buildeth	offered	formeth	forbeareth	thresheth	looketh	comforteth	letteth	repeateth	sendeth	diligently	doubteth	liveth	confirmeth	rideth	saw	commendeth	built	favoureth	lacketh	begat	refraineth	acknowledgeth	ministereth	dasheth	knew	sinneth	rejecteth	in	endureth	cleaveth	sinned	searcheth	occupieth	counted	shutteth	flattereth	observeth	sounded	enlargeth	
done	made	given	not	said	sent	spoken	sinned	committed	put	broken	promised	no	also	brought	set	taken	a	chosen	,	delivered	shewed	filled	swallowed	been	.	cast	commanded	sworn	cut	destroyed	laid	heard	seen	established	]	caused	trespassed	found	thrown	despised	poured	bent	purposed	prepared	uncovered	charged	wrought	defiled	covered	lighted	hid	killed	glorified	dealt	shed	triumphed	borne	opened	smitten	;	remembered	served	[	on	raised	blessed	slain	stretched	violently	:	both	appointed	humbled	redeemed	visited	called	turned	as	built	declared	prophesied	dispersed	left	slandered	shot	scattered	forsaken	profaned	discovered	wronged	trodden	polluted	certainly	regarded	fenced	to	planted	faith	increased	desired	crushed	kindled	defied	cursed	lost	clothed	pronounced	hedged	strengthened	transgressed	ten	oppressed	authority	compassed	taught	ordained	scraped	blinded	even	wholly	barley	denied	drawn	bought	shut	attended	led	sold	whereof	deceitfully	by	garnished	changed	fulfilled	anointed	greatly	mixed	settled	torn	beelzebub	abhorred	withdrawn	holpen	caught	spread	therefore	passed	judged	gained	laboured	offered	pleased	but	girded	known	counsel	sanctified	gotten	determined	shall	grass	shortened	reserved	loosed	stripped	received	an	escaped	founded	purchased	sought	kneaded	looked	confirmed	inclosed	divided	perfected	supplanted	neither	inclined	tried	testified	requited	driven	abounded	utterly	nothing	the	consecrated	bestowed	bid	magnified	so	builded	
made	done	said	spoken	taken	been	,	not	called	]	seen	opened	thus	heard	sent	slain	given	built	brought	a	cast	in	commanded	no	prepared	left	married	;	power	found	put	.	eaten	restored	looked	wrought	shewed	destroyed	devised	told	offered	appointed	gone	turned	compassion	cried	cut	chosen	much	defiled	served	lifted	set	begun	gathered	broken	by	great	thirty	drunk	answered	two	fought	received	gotten	promised	buried	need	so	scourged	spent	the	caused	agreed	forsaken	ended	diligently	horns	faith	robbed	unto	before	dipped	also	fled	to	spread	judged	exalted	saluted	bound	afore	one	neither	advanced	straitly	clad	pronounced	bewitched	raised	bought	preached	committed	healed	tarried	delivered	for	smitten	washed	forty	yet	written	got	ever	filled	never	fourteen	[	driven	many	against	dominion	named	utterly	hewn	seven	three	stretched	another	respect	apprehended	appeared	patiently	sheep	reigned	hallowed	mahalath	begotten	:	recovered	possession	passed	spit	pilled	formed	finished	wasted	pitched	removed	he	loved	this	riches	privily	nine	dedicated	tasted	confessed	consulted	brethren	forced	declared	dressed	peace	gilead	sworn	supped	used	provided	landed	delight	rested	eight	vowed	numbered	considered	thought	fasted	hearkened	conferred	purged	
the	moses	his	god	their	all	a	them	our	israel	him	my	nebuchadrezzar	saul	david	her	ithamar	pharaoh	those	thy	midian	abishai	every	man	nebuchadnezzar	judah	joab	naomi	falsehood	power	moab	strangers	strange	benhadad	these	solomon	shishak	joshua	jehiel	zerubbabel	chushanrishathaim	thine	ahijah	evildoers	one	ahikam	absalom	your	herod	nabal	sisera	damascus	shelomith	uriah	esau	any	jehoahaz	spoilers	ephraim	hananiah	manasseh	meremoth	jezebel	jeroboam	jeiel	mine	me	ittai	jabin	asaph	[	sennacherib	mithredath	nathan	ahab	brutish	elasah	this	hazael	benaiah	cononiah	
come	a	in	]	gone	afraid	taken	yet	not	wroth	with	buried	seen	the	departed	very	there	sore	.	teaching	called	at	sick	numbered	intreated	to	troubled	fled	nigh	born	laid	before	risen	strong	about	their	cast	an	afflicted	cut	,	rich	five	wont	found	set	circumcised	dead	accused	christ	worshipping	full	crucified	[	zealous	of	fallen	comforted	alone	angry	entered	:	more	moved	baptized	ashamed	commanded	sanctified	now	alive	also	driven	walking	girded	telling	praying	righteous	industrious	father	going	riding	sent	mocked	casting	returned	sitting	caught	speechless	diseased	wiser	accepted	lost	naked	twelve	parted	oppressed	healed	asleep	honourable	shearing	transfigured	borne	shaven	desirous	exceeding	pleased	content	above	;	cleansed	filled	bought	shut	led	disposed	deposed	sold	worthy	put	grieved	received	demanded	condemned	blind	reckoned	strengthened	jesus	brought	withdrawn	little	despised	sad	twenty	three	fast	afterward	much	extolled	known	speaking	perplexed	rejected	astonished	removed	king	made	humbled	determined	hid	betrayed	turned	as	purposed	destroying	marvellously	able	higher	tried	reviled	conceived	eaten	manifested	kept	hungry	magnified	uncovered	chief	clean	wounded	purged	restored	
and	[	that	which	the	he	to	they	lest	saying	nor	neither	thou	or	as	in	when	i	save	his	she	because	twenty	all	over	unto	did	went	even	david	named	into	judging	but	with	then	an	)	behold	after	both	bring	before	20	21	how	4	do	choice	five	know	forsomuch	like	56	found	where	born	said	for	wheresoever	salute	we	let	on	harps	of	days	o	seeing	jesus	brought	establish	from	tread	there	three	2	more	6	11	12	glorifying	will	while	many	it	jewels	heard	at	have	if	no	six	till	9	fell	give	without	having	
is	hath	he	sent	was	sat	dieth	had	liveth	speaketh	[	smote	sitteth	overcometh	smiteth	made	]	day	escapeth	pisseth	spake	offereth	cometh	eateth	hateth	reproacheth	a	bringeth	hated	they	passeth	did	returneth	knocketh	went	slayeth	worketh	giveth	bought	soweth	rideth	buildeth	sacrificeth	remaineth	raised	would	taketh	loved	serveth	calleth	holdeth	saith	wandereth	which	wanteth	followeth	i	came	the	understandeth	coveteth	cried	fashioneth	thinketh	betrayeth	seeth	aforetime	spoileth	believeth	stooped	fled	girdeth	contendeth	causeth	dwelleth	handleth	night	forsaketh	doeth	esteemeth	shed	blasphemeth	weareth	reproveth	crieth	said	stood	for	shaketh	layeth	increaseth	justifieth	asketh	waiteth	put	by	created	refuseth	willeth	telleth	runneth	curseth	knoweth	heareth	framed	treadeth	stretched	ordereth	fleeth	striveth	heweth	dwelt	loveth	ruleth	goeth	readeth	touched	sweareth	rejoiceth	ladeth	formed	needeth	appointed	glorieth	burneth	told	will	ought	endured	called	walketh	filleth	fashioned	seeketh	stole	encampeth	selleth	judgeth	flattereth	rebuketh	begat	sinneth	fell	lieth	bade	without	teacheth	
,	.	to	away	in	:	that	not	the	his	with	into	out	;	whom	a	?	by	up	down	as	at	from	before	shall	clean	all	go	afraid	on	no	against	were	two	drunken	fourfold	they	thereon	when	half	saluted	an	through	have	vehemently	peter	milk	unto	ourselves	whose	for	aside	seven	liberty	sick	certain	more	be	speaking	families	weeping	shamefully	guiltless	how	running	said	lay	reverence	altogether	stood	king	safe	whether	of	also	leave	i	rule	my	
and	for	but	he	i	all	9	7	[	the	2	therefore	neither	11	17	so	because	as	21	lo	8	behold	4	how	24	13	let	6	be	yea	persecute	in	jerusalem	worship	if	even	25	26	strength	49	28	your	also	fret	was	then	righteousness	his	thousand	who	upon	wherefore	38	every	they	15	thou	12	56	whereby	18	30	whom	52	their	19	howbeit	god	talk	
and	that	[	as	i	or	o	then	but	saying	to	which	nor	because	in	even	till	until	they	foot	with	he	thou	so	the	depart	who	saith	28	pedaiah	set	35	suffer	yet	if	from	for	come	amalek	when	43	40	10	rise	upon	after	ye	surely	now	both	wherewith	put	round	thine	stand	where	
,	's	.	had	:	and	in	or	;	amaziah	isaac	was	to	[	shewed	david	with	uzziah	by	did	while	seven	zacharias	blessed	observed	have	saw	unto	out	again	said	answered	make	their	loveth	wept	refused	deceitfully	asa	rebuked	jacob	manasseh	]	he	hamor	loved	made	nebuchadnezzar	walked	will	terah	herod	laid	served	went	called	came	charged	
and	[	what	he	i	thou	the	woman	because	if	that	all	give	go	fear	behold	let	as	when	shall	which	then	she	lest	yea	how	there	to	neither	we	saying	a	daughter	14	thy	my	they	be	touch	it	according	hath	tell	at	arise	our	like	for	come	two	call	take	spare	out	until	stand	return	whatsoever	do	hannah	who	martha	did	talitha	said	ask	weep	with	nor	saith	this	up	o	mary	wilt	without	so	entice	believed	surely	where	came	whosoever	
,	reigned	.	jesus	's	:	?	to	;	isaac	[	king	into	in	unto	from	joseph	after	or	pass	are	gideon	johanan	was	be	that	upon	cleanseth	every	ask	with	many	will	hearkened	abram	were	ministered	the	came	buried	
hand	hands	face	father	feet	wife	disciples	mother	days	head	mouth	eyes	chariot	brother	house	lips	ways	word	children	knowledge	bosom	only	pride	might	good	words	people	tent	ass	substance	son	promise	wrath	mark	chariots	mercy	glory	goodness	brethren	purpose	friends	neighbour	neck	coat	birth	judgments	flesh	letters	kindness	lord	indignation	kingdom	government	bands	expectation	raiment	bloody	chamberlains	firstborn	shoulder	name	brightness	epistles	arrows	heart	chamber	nose	heel	body	scrip	pledge	doing	seat	mighty	fist	naked	errors	finger	hairs	men	answers	host	flanks	resurrection	great	conversation	journey	dwelling	scales	doctrine	lodging	wages	sheep	vineyard	master	way	vesture	bodily	grief	part	righteous	rage	folly	concubines	bed	will	seed	error	kinsman	voice	birthright	fury	mind	stroke	vow	anger	border	strength	officers	couch	venison	speech	clearness	living	waters	time	delight	fruit	fierce	fisher	destruction	baker	cheek	rule	fellowservants	reward	talk	left	
house	soul	land	country	eyes	head	heart	body	conceit	will	,	name	people	place	blood	city	sin	flesh	hands	works	power	son	inheritance	life	spear	raiment	clothes	accord	standard	sheep	way	:	counsel	glory	servants	wife	left	children	wickedness	death	cup	hallowed	righteousness	self	vomit	burden	sepulchres	likeness	meat	iniquity	brother	right	generation	vine	flock	arm	voluntary	iniquities	sepulchre	new	;	cause	dung	sins	herd	pate	[	reproach	received	daughter	language	hired	elect	family	feet	.	vineyard	master	possession	hurt	grief	sore	spirit	behalf	word	work	bitterness	bed	charges	signet	household	mind	lust	cistern	goodness	pit	things	purpose	field	labour	which	beast	fruit	mouth	kin	supper	bowels	coast	]	grave	neighbour	flocks	camp	ways	reward	order	
,	.	:	;	upon	[	from	to	over	against	shall	hath	in	a	toward	unto	was	into	on	with	is	also	the	would	back	alive	clave	stretched	fetcheth	again	for	]	prevailed	under	?	took	by	he	went	might	until	fulfilled	or	
not	be	shew	take	deliver	make	.	bring	save	come	bless	say	send	return	keep	surely	give	have	repay	hate	yet	smite	,	do	cause	throughly	plead	curse	avenge	burn	let	spoil	teach	turn	love	render	visit	tell	hold	guide	no	destroy	despise	rest	kill	go	cut	prosper	magnify	lighten	rise	fall	now	flee	die	fulfil	miserably	abundantly	discover	contend	worship	increase	beautify	ever	invade	forsake	preserve	joy	never	recompense	swallow	first	laugh	establish	[	speak	rejoice	raise	stretch	call	dwell	heal	regard	lift	understand	he	cast	subdue	judge	accept	at	reprove	needs	perform	comfort	repent	also	whet	answer	even	draw	finish	famish	appoint	remember	bind	without	command	hear	
known	hearkened	obeyed	heard	kept	i	spoken	the	seen	found	been	done	sinned	walked	sent	always	charity	made	commanded	eaten	a	wickedly	shewed	hid	refrained	delivered	concealed	received	danced	set	dwelt	bowed	believed	called	gone	sought	so	all	departed	cried	caused	fins	forsaken	discovered	committed	wrought	chosen	regarded	,	answered	touched	defiled	attained	troubled	his	accepted	served	works	shed	transgressed	preached	trodden	hastened	said	wholly	prevailed	enough	shunned	burned	cleansed	?	told	we	run	power	written	[	come	grieved	wept	strawed	changed	forgotten	asked	followed	blessed	your	passed	taken	:	separated	faith	inclined	rejected	hurt	appointed	this	submitted	cast	visited	repented	proved	an	performed	yet	sat	rather	injured	used	profited	looked	lamented	left	
]	a	the	not	able	come	gone	like	risen	in	,	lord	dead	guilty	.	made	judged	righteous	old	cast	filled	become	of	:	hungry	excepted	tempted	overwhelmed	before	profitable	anointed	torn	fled	pursuing	his	exalted	none	hid	killed	chastened	clothed	warned	found	born	our	christ	god	exceeding	drawn	;	cleansed	shut	eating	sold	quite	put	on	about	greatly	waited	among	raised	comforted	brought	betrayed	your	despised	lunatick	passed	taken	both	girded	antichrist	convinced	gracious	kind	glorified	offended	near	called	lodged	turned	mine	an	escaped	talking	at	faithful	divided	beside	pure	tried	evil	utterly	nothing	proud	well	left	
and	[	that	the	saying	he	which	but	or	having	shall	from	hallowed	whom	neither	shalt	might	who	nor	all	strengthening	shouldest	saith	as	perfect	what	burning	for	till	come	whereof	2	5	6	clothed	24	sweareth	wheat	above	prepared	let	they	not	now	with	great	38	14	thou	thence	o	i	so	tempting	were	where	shineth	preach	
done	to	not	spoken	given	made	seen	taken	found	been	begotten	kept	also	cried	hated	written	declared	set	desired	brought	offended	sent	sworn	now	dried	put	received	raised	slain	commanded	loved	heard	leaped	called	sinned	caused	forsaken	committed	yet	defrauded	chosen	had	hewed	suffered	hope	wrestled	righteousness	none	hid	lost	counselled	payed	oppressed	observed	said	opened	laid	drawn	told	rolled	gathered	here	recompensed	anointed	forgotten	shewed	lifted	beheaded	strived	poured	succoured	more	formed	hurt	known	sustained	wearied	gone	proved	helped	sought	purchased	in	need	any	no	uttered	smitten	conceived	prepared	revealed	required	thought	left	
is	was	it	that	be	himself	shall	of	who	to	then	not	receiveth	
and	for	but	[	he	that	10	24	)	therefore	19	i	the	or	lest	it	20	when	2	neither	4	14	all	yea	thus	jerahmeel	if	25	26	23	(	whereas	intending	3	whom	only	5	which	9	joseph	then	his	zabad	insomuch	destroy	nor	thy	of	31	according	thine	so	male	
be	the	death	anger	babylon	his	jerusalem	wife	eat	make	do	day	scorn	put	speak	jealousy	drink	rest	go	smite	fall	jesus	powder	ask	come	depart	give	whom	me	ride	an	have	keep	feed	all	help	tarry	bring	sleep	build	prosper	touch	thee	reproach	yield	bless	continue	cease	scorch	shave	afflict	prophesy	battle	see	lachish	wander	confirm	pontius	discretion	cause	herod	never	david	swear	stand	joshua	dine	egypt	walk	their	bury	esau	fight	gihon	tell	life	serve	lift	hear	my	reconcile	slay	them	jehu	lie	caesar	enquire	take	sin	draw	suck	thy	
,	'	shall	and	.	with	:	were	for	that	laid	;	did	had	in	from	smote	to	?	[	by	the	have	should	unto	judges	anointed	come	washed	esau	isaac	until	be	offered	not	also	made	carried	eat	went	inheritance	walked	thou	fallen	came	
and	[	to	that	i	as	saying	when	but	let	o	so	the	my	in	which	who	thou	because	god	neither	be	hast	nor	he	thy	having	all	fearing	saith	go	dost	even	for	shall	wherein	how	behold	more	after	ye	took	whether	now	with	10	endeavoured	no	this	wherefore	these	she	though	47	
out	up	in	down	into	and	forth	to	,	through	.	his	away	on	unto	with	from	:	the	back	another	again	throughout	before	thither	forward	;	barefoot	after	not	a	about	against	round	
the	a	his	prison	jerusalem	,	samaria	ward	hebron	her	peace	.	babylon	[	mount	truth	all	because	letters	swaddling	egypt	some	mine	an	dances	himself	sincerity	battle	love	abel	trouble	whom	god	commandment	ziklag	gath	sunder	;	many	store	abundance	israel	ramah	bands	jordan	padanaram	sending	great	glory	thy	horeb	chains	vestures	fetters	thine	time	baptism	my	
.	,	:	there	shall	[	;	was	to	in	's	is	jesus	may	seth	spread	called	among	noah	whosoever	out	jezreel	by	reuben	peresh	through	beriah	should	alone	er	one	simeon	from	for	judah	immanuel	before	moab	esau	benoni	that	joseph	ishmael	jah	jabez	isaac	gershom	moses	?	be	israel	perish	emmanuel	dan	samuel	shelah	jedidiah	naphtali	samson	obed	gad	zebulun	solomon	john	whereby	hath	together	asher	loammi	onan	enos	benammi	issachar	mahershalalhashbaz	
the	a	him	with	them	two	his	also	israel	an	fifty	,	it	ten	thereunto	high	himself	in	darkness	for	judah	thee	mention	known	]	boards	bars	old	hooks	all	ready	as	loops	chambers	narrowed	gedaliah	unto	before	twenty	six	havock	.	doors	under	chains	curtains	staves	[	king	windows	of	solomon	haste	many	me	
and	7	2	8	10	12	24	21	28	3	4	16	19	18	25	20	1	9	14	26	6	11	17	31	30	32	27	22	48	5	after	39	13	35	52	54	ezekiel	29	62	numbers	23	46	(	43	40	john	salute	58	15	33	so	57	
not	done	seen	to	made	found	here	forsaken	set	brought	also	reproached	laid	exalted	deceived	[	given	been	taken	entered	that	smitten	considered	afflicted	plentifully	chosen	troubled	ordained	increased	hid	killed	perceived	sacrificed	clothed	counselled	dealt	delivered	said	opened	written	honoured	filled	power	gathered	broken	served	put	faith	subdued	forgotten	lacked	eaten	shortened	marked	beguiled	gleaned	despised	poured	eyes	but	with	commanded	loved	stolen	cast	visited	rent	gone	thus	an	helped	heard	at	in	sought	sat	uttered	disquieted	conceived	prepared	utterly	prophesied	appealed	]	walked	thought	very	left	
,	.	:	;	israel	with	?	out	from	shall	together	over	an	through	in	slew	for	]	which	dwell	into	return	by	made	greatly	the	came	
,	[	eat	to	unto	evil	in	so	.	according	not	;	for	]	with	fly	on	wash	as	at	continually	predestinate	aforetime	neither	good	displeased	both	very	foreknow	hear	put	interpret	this	many	grind	pursue	gird	the	once	
,	.	the	and	;	:	an	by	two	[	with	were	came	talked	have	fourscore	saw	pitched	said	stood	would	to	away	had	also	therefore	?	be	's	shall	may	envied	believe	went	a	of	could	
fifty	thirty	twenty	threescore	fourscore	ten	twelve	seven	ninety	five	forty	eighteen	three	nineteen	nine	fifteen	eightieth	
,	.	the	:	;	that	said	unto	to	with	and	for	shall	[	carried	came	love	at	go	conspired	stood	come	ships	answered	therefore	passed	was	told	whispered	which	ye	spake	met	arose	coming	from	by	wept	'	did	will	things	
,	.	;	:	to	in	heavy	at	for	be	full	upon	with	is	as	before	royal	three	take	justified	until	?	shall	after	mourning	arose	[	by	died	this	where	
and	11	20	21	7	8	12	3	2	6	9	4	24	5	16	18	19	10	15	43	25	22	23	29	14	13	17	so	32	zephaniah	62	if	26	27	45	40	to	john	58	33	31	30	36	34	
,	.	came	were	asked	said	to	:	went	heard	and	into	say	also	that	remembered	[	?	prayed	followed	among	saith	murmured	at	follow	plucked	saw	answered	began	;	over	sent	come	eat	word	james	believed	first	
's	,	.	said	;	:	that	knew	took	made	called	and	saith	taught	in	sarah	what	answered	leah	to	was	mary	be	shall	lay	crowned	]	by	kept	comforteth	marvelled	
been	seen	the	given	sent	done	,	spoken	left	god	eaten	pitied	turned	performed	power	dealt	kept	sinned	where	called	dedicated	flesh	appeared	fins	forsaken	one	cursed	ceased	beheld	kissed	any	my	despised	failed	chosen	revealed	yet	spread	wrought	defiled	taken	drawn	suffered	.	known	told	obtained	laboured	risen	shall	oppressed	appointed	attained	rinsed	withdrawn	put	[	come	grieved	defied	directed	received	planted	thy	life	brought	david	cast	hearkened	filled	lifted	believed	withholden	works	restored	
,	.	's	;	:	is	[	philip	in	should	whom	benjamin	with	by	king	came	an	escaped	have	casting	abel	slew	unto	out	their	pursued	esau	abideth	lot	was	sin	amnon	shall	sold	helem	jacob	a	asaph	of	also	without	
the	away	[	him	up	it	a	them	his	all	with	bread	one	unto	out	her	]	to	an	me	not	hold	also	and	joshua	rebekah	ten	violently	some	thereof	eighteen	in	paul	peter	again	their	six	,	geshur	jeremiah	on	counsel	water	courage	maachah	butter	about	agag	of	three	leah	
,	.	to	was	is	:	[	that	bringeth	shall	;	be	's	upon	at	gathereth	fretteth	before	from	faithful	obstinate	may	ye	after	taketh	]	died	made	think	will	turn	greatly	trembled	
the	and	that	[	i	which	shall	saying	behold	in	if	god	how	they	surely	because	consider	blessed	go	even	from	their	send	hearken	cause	be	who	hear	doth	neither	he	a	14	of	o	will	my	
,	;	.	:	unto	's	and	[	looked	in	said	shall	elisabeth	drusilla	hath	naomi	even	again	for	had	abigail	also	loveth	priscilla	which	sent	conceived	hid	with	a	stirred	did	of	jehudijah	came	
the	stones	his	a	all	their	thy	fetters	an	chains	thee	them	one	bread	glory	my	psalms	throwing	hard	shame	oil	timbrels	our	burnt	your	thongs	whom	stringed	two	tears	much	john	fire	sorrow	garments	eight	[	]	silver	great	pestilence	guile	thanksgiving	purple	rigour	twenty	grass	clothes	
be	give	die	eat	go	take	minister	depart	please	have	establish	live	not	bring	see	set	make	come	dwell	do	redeem	declare	sum	judge	rest	sleep	abide	carry	find	cut	appear	prepare	perform	seek	run	testify	send	prolong	exalt	avenge	instruct	save	cause	sift	return	offer	serve	devour	teach	flee	interpret	incline	receive	stablish	bestow	bless	withdraw	learn	dip	say	know	
an	,	a	.	in	them	for	him	:	gedaliah	;	to	with	this	governor	there	intercession	it	insurrection	ready	before	also	enquiry	peace	you	was	themselves	his	that	savoury	man	the	saul	
it	of	that	them	him	thereof	this	these	me	even	thee	is	say	us	you	was	those	
to	,	and	out	unto	down	near	into	in	thither	with	up	nigh	forth	home	.	even	apace	from	therefore	again	upon	[	by	
unto	[	to	,	this	wickedly	all	in	evil	according	:	it	abominable	these	for	very	thee	among	one	trespass	as	good	amiss	mischief	drinking	no	judgment	since	.	foolishly	;	sacrifice	?	after	eating	worse	that	perversely	truly	virtuously	altogether	nothing	]	violence	against	iniquity	the	
and	he	[	that	but	saying	because	if	the	above	not	or	fearing	saith	is	as	even	what	said	for	to	god	though	how	seeketh	which	neither	then	defileth	festus	supposing	nor	14	according	she	lest	
messengers	to	them	unto	him	forth	out	the	and	for	away	his	a	,	joab	another	eliakim	again	from	other	me	two	all	letters	into	ambassadors	peter	darkness	judah	young	by	moses	hadoram	prophets	fire	after	every	shaphan	]	abroad	redemption	her	of	divers	
unto	,	by	to	.	also	of	in	a	these	against	this	concerning	with	and	within	as	unadvisedly	before	three	:	plain	that	kindly	boldly	many	the	
me	you	thee	us	to	unto	it	him	rest	them	his	[	a	riches	up	all	himself	her	forth	assurance	understanding	]	meat	of	will	occasions	the	
great	charge	son	little	thousand	sign	woman	wife	piece	serpent	liar	stone	man	king	name	right	dagger	people	feast	penny	rod	young	trespass	dumb	booth	railing	captain	well	light	mist	potsherd	purple	sum	scorpion	question	lamp	commandment	few	certain	new	centurion	cunning	scarlet	sure	mess	time	nation	band	white	mouth	concubine	supper	[	copy	day	reward	word	coat	prophet	tree	father	chamber	place	double	
]	with	a	scattered	rebellious	in	given	before	made	taught	done	my	very	sold	as	now	there	partial	stout	spoken	stoned	all	an	brought	slain	set	mighty	sought	still	occupied	afflicted	throughly	cut	pulled	since	young	long	killed	to	planted	defiled	partakers	commended	here	much	by	broken	withholden	baptized	utterly	put	enlightened	accepted	,	like	kept	carried	always	consumed	fulfilled	burdensome	called	deceived	
need	part	pleasure	inheritance	power	rest	delight	man	king	certain	son	pasture	brethren	knowledge	master	bread	sin	more	shepherd	child	pity	root	portion	husband	burial	right	helper	cloke	wall	such	faith	confidence	end	favour	commandment	fellowship	other	way	might	hope	life	greater	mercy	joy	company	understanding	dealings	damage	[	hurt	silver	daughter	name	room	place	kinsman	reward	changes	wine	
unto	,	to	.	also	among	all	himself	shall	]	not	cometh	true	
of	the	that	,	[	from	a	thy	with	.	him	how	their	his	thee	and	all	say	done	out	what	evil	by	reproach	many	
not	have	come	he	give	shew	say	go	fain	grant	destroy	send	answer	do	heal	dwell	depart	prophesy	tarry	recover	blot	raise	thrust	increase	also	surely	call	:	suffer	touch	deliver	accomplish	let	put	eat	keep	cast	awake	
the	all	,	thy	and	a	[	an	what	.	under	with	him	this	god	;	his	me	also	my	folly	vain	some	any	her	to	their	strange	:	that	thee	yesterday	evil	how	nothing	vanity	for	i	violence	thine	servants	
,	.	of	were	and	which	that	in	:	also	for	with	to	shall	through	are	;	where	came	
,	.	;	:	and	in	with	covered	[	toward	there	as	bare	at	even	from	caught	therewith	to	was	his	that	upon	reach	fall	grow	a	like	shall	began	
6	and	3	7	9	10	15	2	19	27	21	5	11	17	16	24	20	23	29	8	39	13	12	18	31	25	22	28	4	then	luke	59	14	48	the	
,	to	:	;	toward	from	.	as	unto	before	shone	was	?	[	with	into	in	evermore	again	no	continually	between	shall	upon	now	shine	about	did	
the	his	him	all	ishbosheth	every	it	joab	joseph	jehoiachin	ephraim	john	joshua	gold	lebanon	elisha	any	samaria	dagon	damascus	them	jonah	those	christ	sheba	syria	
thee	a	them	[	the	it	an	me	him	thy	my	ready	with	abimelech	,	their	his	known	all	gold	lies	esau	;	our	themselves	your	unto	her	.	you	:	void	shipwreck	touching	goodly	provision	princes	will	supplication	abram	
and	,	him	them	me	nothing	discreetly	for	her	one	unto	
me	the	them	him	in	forth	all	down	out	also	up	into	back	jesus	quails	simeon	from	to	aaron	:	his	upon	it	not	[	us	streams	
,	.	:	and	was	which	shall	fell	by	hath	saith	is	it	not	as	said	also	since	had	to	teacheth	;	sent	returned	witnesseth	[	this	descended	came	
3	8	9	11	12	20	4	13	17	16	22	23	2	7	then	15	19	32	30	18	this	daniel	112	ecclesiastes	52	24	25	26	21	29	1	5	6	jeremiah	song	job	70	isaiah	10	14	31	35	34	33	so	psalm	
and	o	let	i	ye	nor	saith	but	or	all	[	the	love	unto	slow	to	lord	that	they	than	receive	hear	
and	7	15	10	12	8	[	or	26	27	i	5	shall	who	but	they	he	11	14	16	19	18	because	yea	till	notwithstanding	ecclesiastes	even	for	23	46	28	29	mark	whether	6	be	saith	whatsoever	13	49	37	21	will	33	32	
.	,	:	into	in	to	a	see	unto	again	;	be	that	one	warning	go	beforetime	for	since	live	approach	?	after	power	guiltless	spare	put	come	leave	whence	become	
,	;	:	.	in	
word	words	sound	voice	wisdom	law	prayer	instruction	right	bleatings	church	rebuke	earth	melody	heavens	groaning	cry	conclusion	song	corn	man	counsel	bruit	small	
words	ass	money	second	children	same	way	seventh	blood	name	third	chief	sadducees	seven	pound	interpretation	pledge	people	fury	tidings	crown	number	nail	keepers	plagues	battle	false	oftener	city	debt	disciples	space	pharisees	covenant	two	other	sword	instruments	lord	worth	porter	kingdom	buildings	form	nature	elders	beasts	fruits	parable	gate	word	copy	eighth	present	throne	fatted	great	land	daughter	princes	iniquity	coat	brother	daily	morning	place	victory	truth	mother	whole	book	
and	[	that	in	wood	lest	as	which	neither	he	the	all	because	burning	saith	wherewith	have	68	to	therefore	8	eternal	but	they	with	i	31	thou	without	
me	thee	us	the	my	known	him	man	a	them	his	with	you	all	it	an	insurrection	bare	governor	in	even	her	judah	crooked	herself	peace	,	;	that	ruler	of	jordan	[	women	both	room	this	plain	solomon	many	every	
me	the	you	them	my	her	thy	thee	their	him	balaam	israel	his	all	this	us	our	
and	[	or	who	all	because	saith	as	forasmuch	if	from	(	when	to	which	neither	that	not	nor	he	guiding	the	my	
not	?	brought	done	made	to	offered	never	sold	set	drunk	bound	healed	understood	beguiled	sought	seen	rewarded	saved	your	conspired	said	any	laid	taken	suffered	pity	dealt	here	broken	[	]	ruled	a	received	reproached	asked	cast	forgotten	called	bereaved	
be	not	give	have	make	do	die	go	pay	repent	offer	hold	bring	exceed	depart	forbid	multiply	carry	still	lie	curse	rather	live	choose	destroy	glorify	return	touch	shew	ask	defy	rise	delight	accomplish	smite	come	eat	after	search	sanctify	gather	put	leave	deceive	enter	offend	commit	
,	.	:	;	in	[	shall	devoured	and	is	as	go	unto	again	for	that	to	goeth	was	?	more	upon	water	keepeth	calleth	were	transgresseth	went	speaketh	craveth	
,	's	:	;	.	in	money	an	cometh	ignorantly	!	secretly	next	wrong	to	under	shall	drink	unawares	sinneth	findeth	[	with	unwittingly	spreadeth	
voice	words	word	noise	sound	fame	tidings	number	murmurings	saying	groaning	angel	people	blasphemy	telling	second	salutation	check	defaming	secret	pride	desire	king	report	law	reproach	man	third	slander	
the	it	he	they	jesus	i	saying	david	naboth	there	thou	balaam	abner	adonijah	peter	any	archelaus	samaria	jeroboam	uriah	,	nabal	john	hezekiah	we	his	jeremiah	every	antichrist	saul	
be	bring	destroy	know	have	make	deliver	not	see	perform	receive	sanctify	fulfil	gather	reconcile	go	rid	trust	seek	find	fill	even	prove	comfort	send	fight	live	betray	cause	salute	take	preserve	run	loose	bear	water	redeem	let	judge	eat	present	shew	die	humble	put	instruct	become	conveniently	
was	for	that	to	be	shall	were	is	are	also	pertained	with	it	one	as	in	cometh	any	again	what	away	ought	them	his	ruler	but	such	by	a	my	came	
,	[	.	to	were	:	shall	upon	as	and	on	from	open	behold	;	like	began	are	
,	:	's	that	.	;	and	rent	for	rose	of	asked	came	among	is	ananias	in	standing	said	stood	entereth	answered	which	taken	descended	over	?	then	after	arose	alone	doth	became	so	the	
21	20	12	2	6	11	10	15	14	17	19	28	41	5	4	9	18	33	and	42	63	65	52	24	25	26	27	22	23	1	3	7	selah	90	13	55	31	30	51	34	48	
them	him	[	unto	to	a	none	up	her	also	judgment	me	his	]	the	joshua	gold	some	good	sight	their	three	commandment	moses	testimony	five	not	ear	us	heed	each	
.	to	,	for	unto	speaking	with	evil	this	many	these	the	all	right	it	in	wisely	before	giving	also	;	:	good	displeased	that	drinking	]	him	great	no	so	circumcising	passing	
the	man	pharaoh	a	david	them	this	flesh	god	fools	his	him	thy	all	egypt	kings	absalom	her	unbelief	their	judas	men	asa	]	titus	
this	,	shall	to	[	unto	for	all	?	great	in	wickedly	that	.	:	them	despite	shamefully	what	whatsoever	marvellous	;	evil	excellent	nothing	you	he	a	these	us	
and	for	but	the	22	also	they	he	so	forget	be	is	wherefore	yet	27	28	repent	5	ethan	7	do	that	deliver	let	16	i	18	30	as	thou	her	
them	you	to	unto	thee	him	it	the	into	your	my	rest	ar	themselves	for	]	children	their	a	esther	jacob	with	me	thy	mount	life	order	
]	carried	sick	a	done	with	dead	as	in	there	brought	of	the	drunken	twelve	often	mindful	scales	healed	seen	at	ambassadors	any	better	no	plucked	content	recommended	much	good	sold	weak	driven	hid	faultless	now	fled	blind	he	possessed	slain	
,	in	.	;	had	:	be	'	shall	knew	have	
]	not	able	jealous	a	clean	pleased	found	burnt	constant	thirsty	an	brought	slain	in	.	unto	taken	christ	angry	fruitful	attired	to	praised	defiled	exalted	lord	until	filled	missing	very	poorer	favourable	weary	with	grieved	great	wise	broken	gotten	as	thought	of	the	called	charged	
,	.	from	?	that	ahijah	unto	moses	:	elijah	with	joshua	three	brought	at	said	there	to	lodge	was	hezekiah	israel	's	jonah	jacob	;	zimri	john	david	
.	:	,	shall	in	
the	forth	his	them	upon	[	on	all	out	down	in	a	garrisons	among	into	an	before	darkness	no	away	to	five	]	up	us	clay	
the	heaven	israel	midian	hadarezer	them	a	sisera	judah	god	pharaoh	fighting	hazor	hadadezer	syria	
and	therefore	they	for	[	18	42	it	28	open	when	3	41	also	only	5	4	9	far	13	but	he	11	39	12	15	14	thy	16	19	32	30	37	36	34	i	so	the	
,	.	that	not	to	a	in	the	power	when	seated	will	also	which	:	than	whom	
,	upon	.	on	were	in	shall	:	[	toward	]	together	and	against	wrought	unto	from	make	wittingly	spread	;	?	be	full	that	waxed	formed	refuse	fulfilled	the	
against	,	:	.	a	greatly	in	;	and	already	without	this	!	with	?	
the	all	their	them	men	a	zebah	sinners	his	zerubbabel	ten	sinful	messengers	paul	fellowship	esau	strangers	aaron	barnabas	evildoers	spoilers	elijah	[	him	those	man	asaph	artificers	my	
been	known	done	circumcised	much	come	died	had	obtained	many	gone	set	proved	caused	heard	executed	respect	yet	appealed	given	shewed	pillars	to	worshipped	moses	cleansed	sent	consented	sinned	displeased	prepared	eaten	[	hold	on	made	sanctified	plowed	fallen	put	thought	cast	found	the	repaired	first	
[	unto	in	,	.	lies	of	against	to	vanity	and	concerning	shall	proudly	lying	words	evil	:	come	;	
the	his	them	for	[	to	it	unto	him	one	their	gehazi	abimelech	esau	hastily	you	that	lazarus	every	two	not	,	her	together	night	
,	.	:	as	with	like	to	in	[	and	behind	all	shall	into	were	;	part	not	until	
lord	issue	seven	son	sharp	arm	witness	curse	eye	jew	father	oppressor	temple	poor	greater	rain	caterpiller	key	cankerworm	king	wise	light	cheek	locust	bride	
the	that	a	him	[	concerning	them	jesus	her	his	in	what	simon	their	there	,	.	also	other	:	ought	me	israel	it	levi	many	no	james	
and	which	that	[	whose	whom	knowing	thou	being	beckoning	as	unto	what	lo	signifying	when	willing	take	lord	was	casting	ye	nor	knowest	o	these	shall	the	
.	shall	for	,	is	:	;	a	to	in	from	far	abhorreth	whatsoever	[	]	?	
not	given	done	that	hid	removed	]	seen	quickened	covered	recompensed	thrown	made	sent	gone	set	spoken	respect	brought	openly	in	established	said	no	smitten	appeared	filled	obtained	turned	reconciled	imparted	[	appointed	mercy	kept	gotten	cast	dealt	
and	for	but	because	neither	he	lest	see	if	25	23	43	40	also	6	his	whose	upon	[	by	11	i	33	or	
said	with	]	done	[	already	is	to	hid	a	among	declared	mindful	rebellious	heard	taught	at	in	seen	evidently	witness	tamed	secretly	plainly	able	,	by	also	poured	worth	more	his	sold	testified	sore	ashamed	winnowed	about	made	lost	this	no	proud	chief	determined	
and	whom	[	whither	in	which	that	among	saith	arise	as	to	shall	neither	then	his	who	they	such	he	a	i	o	thou	she	the	
,	.	[	;	upon	:	delivered	doth	for	shall	be	give	out	gave	
to	again	in	
shall	wilt	[	will	,	?	]	refuse	halt	is	.	dost	have	
of	.	;	:	?	a	on	from	for	windows	,	free	to	throughout	unto	
.	,	:	again	to	;	where	on	help	for	any	of	shall	know	which	by	round	?	
,	to	into	from	seven	at	:	a	for	.	unto	in	;	?	on	upon	[	with	out	
unto	,	.	this	these	he	that	to	:	of	before	by	
me	to	his	him	forth	us	comforters	unto	thee	,	.	empty	lions	ishmael	in	speaketh	with	out	
[	,	.	concerning	in	to	:	of	unto	;	evil	against	blasphemy	it	we	good	after	by	a	this	without	once	
known	been	kept	remembered	asked	withheld	brought	given	denied	told	made	gone	pardoned	lied	pitied	laboured	forsaken	sown	defrauded	hated	shewed	suffered	shut	fainted	obeyed	withholden	found	humbled	strawed	thou	sinned	walked	called	hearkened	let	
,	unto	in	.	:	of	against	will	to	that	concerning	well	
hand	foot	eye	thigh	mind	finger	ear	]	
the	a	his	egypt	her	thy	this	prison	my	stubble	their	holds	some	mine	asia	thine	[	
me	an	us	heaven	thee	him	the	my	all	known	thy	summer	desolate	before	for	judah	,	to	;	void	a	them	his	shall	great	of	
,	.	;	rent	in	shall	also	not	
and	but	because	[	then	for	i	it	there	2	therefore	7	6	9	8	do	ye	peradventure	nor	he	12	15	14	
place	portion	is	things	one	offerings	
husband	,	.	neighbours	not	in	:	ass	head	wings	face	body	whoredoms	drive	hair	as	children	perfect	knees	by	away	royal	forth	friend	hands	friends	age	up	bed	sides	
.	,	:	in	;	for	of	childless	according	not	by	unto	before	
,	.	:	's	is	hath	to	be	may	[	heard	and	out	!	said	nabal	was	disallowed	arose	altogether	doth	with	liveth	were	went	abram	
,	.	:	upon	to	?	[	and	prosperous	preserveth	rejoicing	into	shall	have	in	;	unto	therefore	
son	good	few	strong	desire	great	matter	place	stubborn	levite	binding	sabbath	second	vow	message	perfect	little	law	solemn	convenient	father	paddle	custom	commandment	secret	master	white	friend	building	prosperous	song	watch	goodly	man	king	reward	zeal	light	plague	baptism	vision	quarrel	
done	seen	,	not	any	afflicted	borne	delivered	made	dealt	shed	set	vexed	both	discovered	committed	feared	forced	given	shewed	uttered	which	provoked	closed	defiled	offered	forgotten	stumbled	taken	hid	[	loved	humbled	privily	visited	
20	2	5	4	16	48	7	6	9	10	13	12	15	14	17	psalm	65	66	26	23	46	42	3	8	job	59	11	33	higgaion	30	36	
the	him	me	thee	thy	egypt	them	[	edom	manasseh	all	his	her	judah	us	it	thine	jerusalem	my	
[	and	from	.	clean	toward	;	he	
upon	on	,	.	also	]	
of	,	to	.	in	and	from	for	coming	?	came	
from	,	.	?	unto	:	was	shall	enjoy	is	within	alive	an	hath	clave	dainty	draweth	[	when	desireth	be	hateth	with	of	
42	24	26	27	22	23	44	28	9	13	31	36	35	all	20	21	45	29	40	18	3	5	7	12	they	10	38	15	14	17	19	32	30	51	34	these	48	
,	.	;	:	shall	[	past	despiseth	are	judgment	unto	before	
charge	name	seven	face	withered	mark	oversight	land	bag	dominion	golden	set	dropsy	people	promises	scarlet	second	sharp	earth	trumpet	children	legion	sentence	wound	tabernacle	churches	power	palsy	likeness	line	cities	daughter	mastery	
away	the	hold	strange	nothing	her	upon	captive	in	root	your	out	from	no	,	.	cedars	any	thee	evil	vengeance	him	of	up	us	my	crafty	
the	his	all	their	whom	manasseh	a	her	hatred	that	life	,	you	paul	himself	them	many	quick	;	my	
be	ye	not	the	say	[	he	receive	they	glory	do	god	never	inherit	thrust	mourn	have	offend	flee	
,	.	from	;	to	:	should	is	will	as	according	at	in	before	[	out	
them	thee	upon	the	him	it	down	this	all	into	an	unto	again	hither	no	away	guiltiness	their	you	good	[	about	agag	up	us	
shall	[	that	is	had	to	was	will	named	brought	hath	bringeth	delivered	perished	justified	exalteth	rebelled	himself	took	spare	reap	gained	glorified	did	up	walked	having	descended	called	
and	for	then	but	the	rejoice	her	yea	loose	ye	yet	thou	as	they	11	now	tell	he	
the	his	galilee	heaven	among	athaliah	mine	year	cornelius	death	generation	going	gath	gerar	reigning	elijah	every	[	]	him	me	off	baale	shittim	
no	a	an	not	nests	counsel	none	there	in	few	cattle	tender	yet	any	for	peace	,	goats	their	you	war	we	to	of	great	five	nothing	judgment	i	many	double	the	distresses	
the	their	jacob	them	these	oreb	leviathan	lions	[	thousands	your	
blemish	devil	familiar	sacrifice	controversy	running	certain	bountiful	purse	mighty	doctrine	perverse	revelation	revolting	vineyard	place	froward	flat	nation	pleasant	]	man	great	wife	servant	psalm	dumb	tongue	dream	
unto	quench	see	break	called	shave	among	be	crowned	in	fear	speak	make	.	spoken	only	take	then	answer	;	do	his	heal	enter	most	hear	lay	put	diminish	with	afterward	pull	made	of	remove	leave	cast	learn	root	
a	righteousness	the	her	ever	his	all	them	an	adonijah	fear	evermore	any	envy	their	.	to	thy	thirty	herodias	servants	my	
the	a	no	eight	an	in	said	three	very	by	being	sackcloth	nothing	another	out	ability	upon	none	they	not	with	zimri	of	greaves	against	mahanaim	
wall	son	vineyard	thousand	spirit	name	golden	withered	spear	mind	vow	file	steward	fair	young	long	few	fig	friend	very	sister	fat	bow	delight	concubine	pair	king	great	face	servant	perpetual	well	brother	controversy	portion	priest	kinsman	dream	quarrel	
the	them	to	him	thee	,	our	you	joshua	me	his	these	israel	by	their	mehuman	us	a	[	
,	and	.	:	which	to	;	dwelleth	]	[	are	
the	all	him	me	thee	my	his	your	us	jesus	thy	that	god	it	their	galilee	[	
the	[	them	his	you	me	him	a	moses	gedaliah	jerusalem	areopagus	athens	achish	joseph	pharaoh	evil	antioch	jehoiakim	pilate	her	david	
and	who	which	with	the	king	like	abner	had	upon	took	against	until	to	as	in	[	unto	
his	all	the	samuel	amaziah	certain	four	they	[	
the	altars	an	,	it	in	chambers	unto	castles	therewith	there	high	even	again	twenty	fenced	also	much	his	towers	elath	tadmor	cities	a	up	bethhoron	eloth	
thee	before	up	their	the	her	my	[	a	them	judgment	with	there	keepers	.	watchmen	at	in	it	gins	thyself	
4	9	13	12	5	7	6	8	10	14	16	because	malachi	24	27	20	3	2	but	58	11	15	17	19	30	53	zechariah	amos	
not	to	in	obeyed	spoken	brought	heard	done	seen	afflicted	given	despised	from	inheritance	,	been	polluted	vineyard	sent	robbed	confidence	prepared	hid	eaten	]	wearied	of	no	through	fasted	hearkened	?	dealt	found	waited	
the	from	him	out	strange	his	counsel	up	and	ai	it	our	her	.	to	under	:	spoil	[	bethshemesh	with	of	security	
,	in	shall	with	;	a	be	run	did	the	is	upon	.	!	through	are	[	came	
sons	comforter	children	power	child	lack	rest	business	more	root	husband	son	need	knowledge	war	compassion	leisure	understanding	pity	glory	depth	small	pleasure	deepness	
,	.	shall	[	;	among	from	to	:	was	and	on	with	into	that	!	above	covered	?	he	
seek	know	make	build	do	all	give	hebron	bring	fear	hate	lie	perform	visit	destroy	approach	perceive	understanding	understand	judge	sing	[	believe	sanctify	this	gather	pray	despair	the	
grace	favour	the	no	a	david	[	,	any	him	that	this	thee	me	water	their	my	out	
to	,	in	into	shall	forth	with	not	;	unto	out	and	up	leaping	home	the	
and	21	4	10	18	45	5	13	17	24	20	3	6	8	genesis	38	59	[	11	12	so	16	19	31	30	36	psalm	
the	up	a	his	it	captains	judges	meat	all	masons	shadrach	three	threescore	[	ephraim	him	before	
,	;	shall	.	greater	for	as	above	[	:	is	upon	down	at	in	unto	
rule	gods	preeminence	charge	oversight	poor	light	testimony	gates	right	mind	fifth	knowledge	inhabitants	workers	two	same	keys	men	passover	petitions	spirit	great	like	days	tithes	bridegroom	linen	dominion	gospel	firstfruits	accusers	
twenty	three	eleven	sixteen	thirty	over	in	seventeen	fifty	forty	,	eight	two	one	a	seven	nine	
earth	the	in	heaven	a	
unto	,	this	.	foolishly	?	[	great	right	against	well	it	deeds	evil	to	as	wonderful	;	:	
unto	these	to	this	,	.	good	the	every	of	such	;	one	with	by	
shall	,	for	after	[	unto	:	.	and	among	should	is	begging	brought	also	remaineth	were	throughout	with	
is	of	was	join	shall	that	against	to	there	upon	it	should	will	are	went	
in	,	against	to	by	.	with	unto	even	:	from	is	up	exceedingly	followed	;	bringeth	more	
more	less	owest	better	then	rather	evil	also	every	she	sorer	]	
that	[	the	,	and	of	in	what	all	his	how	only	therefore	many	out	
we	i	they	he	ye	it	this	then	his	pharaoh	god	not	the	
,	.	[	was	for	shall	stand	and	all	over	there	ruleth	becometh	;	
and	[	a	if	seven	his	holiness	clothed	upon	all	speckled	set	they	he	neither	nor	
and	[	that	from	i	o	jesus	5	at	which	with	the	
and	[	because	which	whose	none	rich	thy	covering	thou	shall	36	who	yet	i	that	every	she	6	the	he	
him	the	.	moses	,	to	:	by	his	noah	all	in	them	you	[	unto	before	
's	,	and	in	a	said	would	shall	had	disallow	.	hear	utterly	;	:	with	disallowed	
and	footmen	chosen	men	.	,	talents	mighty	on	choice	rams	valiant	lambs	thousand	;	
and	he	25	for	but	the	what	from	14	thou	i	whereof	yea	till	as	so	a	which	neither	[	
and	for	she	therefore	24	from	17	be	cause	but	as	they	arise	9	take	[	before	come	
.	,	:	;	out	shall	waste	from	with	come	they	before	
the	that	his	things	those	these	people	nations	their	sick	night	[	
the	he	by	a	on	all	beyond	christ	i	god	afterward	,	david	thou	not	so	they	in	it	our	jesus	
,	went	that	.	came	were	be	gat	rose	remained	upon	walked	compassed	of	burned	passed	[	on	round	
and	[	or	that	saith	upon	when	but	wherein	also	every	until	they	teaching	the	out	
the	[	him	all	a	.	me	standing	an	went	should	concerning	what	,	;	in	before	
the	force	night	a	and	myself	himself	that	god	craft	laying	his	provoking	baptism	him	
,	and	from	.	out	against	early	immediately	
the	and	behold	[	i	consider	if	turn	because	one	as	in	yet	even	again	there	zion	though	after	ye	let	ask	my	
,	was	is	.	;	shall	]	!	the	for	with	away	did	?	[	:	burned	
had	warred	may	made	might	went	hath	maketh	said	would	reigned	laid	fought	seeketh	sware	entered	was	recovered	buildeth	spake	met	loved	
away	a	hold	against	the	counsel	any	from	this	of	none	.	increase	venison	an	off	you	him	vengeance	
him	them	thanks	[	the	a	his	up	thee	michal	rest	by	to	commandments	deliverance	all	such	:	
not	thence	from	,	.	into	out	and	again	to	with	
and	for	but	the	26	12	23	this	there	michael	3	his	4	they	not	2	behold	if	
and	for	in	19	before	24	turn	29	therefore	7	9	4	be	his	that	but	they	[	wait	i	try	thou	so	the	
yourselves	thyself	the	their	do	your	fulfil	fables	false	jewish	my	me	walk	seducing	any	speak	
the	give	do	his	hold	heaven	set	resist	bring	in	lead	slay	their	destroy	alter	drink	heal	burn	kiss	fall	be	come	day	
,	.	's	shall	hath	?	;	the	:	said	heard	have	saw	[	unto	saul	
the	jerusalem	all	joy	thy	this	god	hewn	achzib	israel	your	their	ashkelon	clay	our	[	ivory	
5	9	22	28	4	6	13	15	they	philippians	if	26	27	)	29	2	7	8	selah	12	14	16	19	50	so	
the	a	lightnings	my	them	his	intercession	peace	it	inquisition	both	all	even	wars	me	sore	fire	small	
,	to	in	.	leah	dinah	bilhah	unto	cometh	:	[	came	shalt	
me	the	my	thy	him	them	king	their	observers	thee	leah	your	ephron	moses	
.	,	:	be	wisdom	at	;	with	?	more	
is	are	was	shall	and	to	upon	hath	in	with	
and	[	holy	so	temperate	let	for	acceptable	harmless	as	every	which	lord	the	whereunto	he	
that	,	.	:	;	[	with	appointed	of	in	turned	at	which	?	out	
,	.	that	:	?	do	they	shall	unto	was	is	abiding	were	through	came	which	runneth	[	]	;	
[	,	unto	the	for	shall	of	leavened	one	to	:	he	
,	be	shall	to	in	:	with	and	throughout	's	for	.	whom	are	which	[	went	;	forsake	
and	[	that	when	lest	which	wherewith	my	as	o	did	see	lamentation	so	but	they	go	satan	with	neither	nor	
he	a	the	[	his	thou	one	myself	many	concerning	it	an	good	touching	waters	before	thyself	
him	all	[	the	;	his	two	also	them	at	not	an	a	me	of	,	in	
fixed	not	lifted	turned	as	far	ceased	overwhelmed	divided	faint	hot	enlarged	smitten	waxed	sore	merry	glad	a	made	inditing	like	privy	wounded	sorrowful	
them	me	into	the	him	thine	sisera	up	it	your	daniel	zebah	samson	you	my	us	
is	was	she	had	halteth	bare	conceived	kept	i	sojourneth	halted	hath	travaileth	night	lieth	bringeth	escapeth	
him	the	me	his	eternal	it	her	jesus	fire	my	folly	esau	one	other	john	hell	bow	judgment	
,	:	of	.	which	live	are	;	]	
.	,	which	[	;	before	and	trusteth	shall	is	cease	:	out	
part	man	covering	vent	helper	money	fins	child	son	delight	power	preeminence	temptation	better	prey	sword	honour	place	more	form	joy	breasts	oblation	hands	strong	water	light	stalk	
.	fornication	a	adultery	in	iniquity	against	an	lewdness	wickedness	any	unto	two	to	much	villany	whoredom	;	:	that	sins	nothing	
the	his	my	them	thee	him	your	zion	shield	her	this	instruction	it	us	one	every	tyre	
me	them	the	all	him	his	zebah	
.	,	;	be	to	round	on	from	shall	together	will	in	
aside	and	himself	,	not	into	their	again	about	from	to	him	back	his	in	the	;	unto	
you	:	thee	,	.	;	?	out	me	the	david	thy	their	this	him	to	before	jerusalem	
,	:	.	speedily	!	now	this	when	therefore	;	]	patiently	
and	for	i	none	27	21	that	nevertheless	who	inasmuch	continually	thou	only	so	they	7	hear	neither	my	
4	7	9	11	10	30	34	and	25	26	23	46	3	2	6	behold	38	15	14	17	19	37	35	psalm	
.	[	the	:	shall	also	be	edom	from	nebuchadnezzar	did	pharaohnechoh	judah	,	wherein	they	was	?	
and	to	in	the	saying	his	from	one	joab	so	which	where	[	
,	unto	with	out	and	against	mightily	also	so	aloud	the	by	
shekels	and	pieces	in	loaves	reeds	cubits	small	soldiers	children	
me	the	thy	him	all	mine	our	my	
be	rejoice	not	sound	melt	live	meditate	depart	glory	fall	cry	utter	follow	fear	
the	this	,	therefore	now	him	me	indeed	.	not	my	
the	no	not	nothing	an	a	great	his	god	.	much	many	friends	unto	he	
[	me	that	the	say	them	this	of	him	.	their	musick	our	my	those	
the	them	my	it	thy	us	their	
no	destroyed	done	performed	set	nothing	executed	committed	betrothed	shewed	taken	more	rejoicing	compassion	sold	finished	put	[	removed	mercy	consumed	gored	rule	cast	
of	on	,	.	have	:	
voice	words	prayer	speeches	word	cry	speech	
the	them	his	him	moab	also	her	all	of	israel	it	their	thrice	[	peter	those	
,	unto	to	that	these	.	[	before	
him	them	her	the	you	his	high	mordecai	every	jesus	
me	him	us	them	[	a	great	no	this	commandment	to	unto	
unto	thee	to	for	with	me	a	them	from	their	this	among	mine	therefore	also	again	forth	him	out	
you	thee	,	me	his	us	.	them	him	thy	to	;	concerning	
.	,	to	in	unto	:	be	shall	?	which	
.	,	is	[	:	was	the	kindled	from	for	may	upon	against	
,	.	unto	in	:	that	the	
,	which	that	wherewith	.	offering	;	[	
,	[	shall	.	;	yearly	is	:	
them	him	their	forth	again	for	away	upon	israel	against	back	,	daniel	into	[	unto	out	
as	and	that	to	[	saying	bare	crying	glory	ah	known	when	lest	let	7	not	hear	their	he	
name	spirit	habitation	temple	arm	prophets	place	hill	one	covenant	heaven	dwelling	apostles	promise	
,	will	[	shall	upon	be	of	is	within	at	;	round	?	out	
the	a	from	then	six	it	also	
,	:	.	against	before	like	in	were	are	fall	[	out	;	?	
the	of	,	their	[	a	mercy	grace	to	no	mine	your	more	
,	.	endureth	:	that	unto	and	for	'	hath	which	;	remaineth	
the	it	iron	ivory	unicorns	your	
the	my	ever	a	his	me	love	pharaoh	us	joseph	thine	
,	[	;	together	spake	hath	in	:	
my	on	me	off	down	in	a	his	no	away	him	wisdom	their	[	themselves	
the	be	his	a	do	them	king	die	samuel	worship	david	take	god	go	work	seek	day	
's	,	.	said	when	answered	these	hath	hadadezer	commanded	return	;	:	was	doeth	came	
his	to	said	of	observe	in	keep	warned	the	
be	wash	come	eat	depart	die	tremble	it	inherit	go	not	become	now	boil	
in	,	's	.	a	said	precious	]	
the	it	his	israel	one	a	zion	her	heaven	
,	not	;	in	.	:	also	without	under	
upon	down	on	likewise	,	to	asleep	from	into	at	sick	[	:	
,	.	:	door	in	seven	there	had	beyond	unto	before	
him	be	wife	me	thy	his	himself	her	that	thee	drink	eat	bahurim	another	go	commit	the	
not	[	the	that	nothing	what	thy	vain	,	any	their	them	our	afar	;	
is	hath	soweth	received	raised	made	baptizeth	shall	converteth	had	stablisheth	should	searcheth	goeth	testifieth	cometh	was	persecuted	sat	
and	to	27	she	home	[	with	before	
and	saying	thus	kings	this	ninety	hear	that	when	which	[	
the	that	,	him	my	and	christ	thy	of	thee	who	surely	god	[	;	:	
,	.	[	shall	;	into	when	will	setteth	faileth	through	:	was	went	?	he	
house	the	be	dwell	and	do	them	ramah	bethlehemjudah	gibeah	kill	lodging	meet	repair	fetch	
17	10	12	24	25	13	16	19	18	44	30	37	34	this	3	38	5	4	luke	9	therefore	
,	.	and	;	:	for	shall	who	to	known	with	unto	he	
them	his	off	none	all	not	nothing	the	him	judaea	there	numbering	
and	be	especially	sanctified	both	that	when	but	so	such	8	save	nor	
to	,	.	unto	again	:	from	cedars	there	upon	thither	through	at	in	headlong	out	
and	[	which	throughout	keeping	that	46	joined	at	beside	whom	mighty	arose	ready	out	he	
,	and	which	from	to	;	with	
the	a	his	horseback	every	horses	fire	high	foot	
down	on	upon	at	in	with	thereon	that	by	[	him	
free	and	,	up	.	]	from	for	no	away	well	into	;	:	over	
it	the	babylon	he	she	sheshach	
the	me	my	thy	your	all	these	thee	him	lies	
up	a	the	upon	him	them	waste	help	for	their	privily	in	before	jerusalem	[	wait	
,	.	[	that	sixty	before	out	
,	drawn	upon	;	:	again	from	girded	.	will	to	in	by	
unto	to	,	:	.	
faithful	my	a	displeased	assured	]	partaker	in	instructed	forsaken	weary	favourable	wroth	honourable	forgotten	upright	our	of	careful	afflicted	
which	and	that	i	while	elijah	my	we	crying	but	to	saith	[	praying	
thee	,	to	the	him	zion	for	judah	that	us	will	solomon	jacob	you	jerusalem	
the	a	israel	his	eternal	their	your	glory	unjust	righteousness	you	salvation	him	man	
and	that	[	be	saying	they	then	being	when	so	which	behold	
and	to	from	like	16	that	cover	but	as	under	fall	[	by	
and	saith	o	neither	all	40	when	but	they	nor	
,	and	together	;	shall	will	at	were	throughout	gave	
him	unto	them	to	me	from	her	away	,	messengers	captains	[	the	forth	
a	the	his	sackcloth	us	them	stones	god	thick	it	pieces	cursing	ashes	ahaziah	[	him	
the	thee	mine	them	my	him	me	ages	solomon	thine	
offerings	.	at	,	:	until	
,	to	.	into	free	in	;	
the	his	thee	me	be	thomas	simon	jerusalem	derbe	go	curse	upbraid	a	another	put	jehoram	[	speak	
lifted	not	hardened	tender	perfect	made	darkened	exalted	moved	turned	given	hot	merry	grieved	glad	
by	before	in	,	among	and	over	between	not	with	
the	you	thee	me	his	your	him	their	our	
and	
,	and	all	.	:	out	
,	.	to	the	from	of	after	;	?	
me	forth	up	us	thee	[	them	life	in	you	unto	
in	before	out	.	;	on	,	straightway	into	after	up	by	forth	abroad	
.	;	that	before	be	for	,	:	[	
,	:	;	.	
voice	great	rumour	language	cry	loud	man	
,	:	that	.	in	with	;	by	?	
be	not	find	he	hold	get	teach	rise	ye	attain	release	destroy	the	save	strike	
offering	.	be	shall	,	in	was	?	
the	and	eleazar	great	i	thee	pharaoh	all	us	their	them	saul	
accursed	crucified	your	slain	holy	god	acceptable	anathema	known	ignorant	hanged	unjust	put	as	righteous	filthy	condemned	unto	
sons	enoch	salah	eber	abitub	noah	of	cainan	nahor	two	terah	reu	lamech	enos	methuselah	peleg	serug	jared	mahalaleel	arphaxad	
.	[	shall	,	the	that	against	are	;	:	he	
.	unto	concerning	against	[	and	is	of	well	,	also	in	:	friendly	
the	them	him	his	a	us	thine	
them	him	his	the	and	for	what	whether	of	pharaoh	,	water	life	
,	was	that	came	and	by	made	upon	it	.	in	:	than	he	
is	are	shall	art	shalt	
i	is	shall	thou	to	the	art	are	they	savest	hast	
him	,	us	.	the	a	them	his	her	thy	hannah	cursing	also	husbandry	
the	jerusalem	hebron	bethel	his	god	dan	tirzah	us	one	heaven	anger	him	
i	a	ye	one	he	this	we	it	these	satan	the	
the	them	thee	my	him	god	their	ekron	
me	forth	thy	up	us	on	his	back	so	a	unto	
that	.	,	at	in	:	for	into	to	which	;	with	whereunto	he	
the	her	mine	praising	rabbah	thy	that	egypt	pharaoh	quiet	this	ramah	our	
and	whom	a	for	let	utterly	jordan	[	by	unto	
thee	you	them	a	[	my	the	
and	but	the	10	he	12	15	yea	into	according	his	therefore	2	ephraim	[	if	
of	unto	,	:	from	shall	to	in	
his	the	all	ramah	gibeon	nought	gibbethon	midnight	mizpah	times	unawares	megiddo	jerusalem	any	meat	
and	[	all	that	i	into	stay	my	nor	
,	.	:	[	;	by	's	for	no	any	known	
on	up	,	for	round	that	this	behind	in	toward	
and	a	all	because	whom	so	which	[	
and	the	perizzites	
the	his	a	israel	water	that	secret	jerusalem	
the	peace	her	jerusalem	order	a	tahpanhes	tirzah	,	midian	bahurim	
thee	my	them	the	a	that	egypt	many	him	grief	to	thine	you	[	wine	
the	such	[	:	my	and	all	thy	that	,	your	.	?	
and	15	16	21	12	14	give	19	36	35	20	will	saith	pluck	8	or	
and	4	therefore	a	12	render	17	25	thou	thy	10	as	8	yet	
and	rulers	with	was	according	azariah	which	the	[	came	
thy	my	the	myself	his	all	,	laid	[	themselves	
like	at	shut	perfect	greater	mine	high	above	]	likened	
it	them	me	of	thee	thereof	to	say	the	my	your	those	
,	.	long	eastward	broad	[	:	
his	[	hold	him	down	hands	not	waste	the	
,	me	what	of	[	;	my	their	the	
am	is	are	
for	into	it	the	out	stones	down	himself	upon	him	two	four	[	away	
.	,	with	[	from	of	which	in	;	:	?	
not	do	there	swear	prevail	find	
in	therein	on	,	.	also	with	by	before	
,	:	after	.	?	servants	in	came	man	
house	hundred	ark	help	angel	ephod	habitation	
wives	daughters	tenons	sons	brethren	shoulders	womenservants	servants	horns	
from	in	,	their	therefore	the	now	
ear	issue	husband	end	high	interpretation	unchangeable	unclean	
with	in	your	a	all	innocency	of	my	ears	
the	[	me	god	,	and	all	in	mine	or	affliction	such	him	
in	a	all	[	forth	away	us	wisdom	down	my	thee	
,	.	without	love	may	whisper	;	with	wrongfully	
unto	to	,	by	
against	the	my	and	thy	,	in	:	;	
,	.	to	on	full	[	:	;	
not	do	draw	get	wrap	shew	speak	
,	.	;	:	
that	not	their	what	them	her	who	it	all	[	him	
,	.	:	and	[	which	inclineth	
.	,	;	:	were	?	
spake	lived	alive	talked	kept	find	hope	
a	them	her	him	among	that	any	no	,	the	another	nothing	[	
,	.	and	lifted	did	i	was	he	
,	and	.	like	[	with	?	
of	to	you	his	travail	meat	power	quietness	snow	wisdom	[	goodly	god	not	grace	more	
,	.	:	a	remaineth	brake	;	with	
over	in	.	,	instead	;	
holy	end	issue	husband	ass	ear	altar	advocate	errand	unction	hundred	
good	golden	desire	shepherd	great	form	wife	servant	wen	linen	live	sharp	sword	wedding	drawn	shadow	matter	
them	me	us	[	him	into	jesus	unto	
,	.	for	with	and	that	which	it	;	
the	a	clefts	great	his	glory	fire	beams	thee	all	hollow	breaches	my	precious	blindness	burnt	planks	
i	is	[	he	king	thou	solomon	
,	.	[	upon	to	without	with	
and	for	judah	also	45	but	5	go	[	
them	their	into	[	out	off	anchors	fire	away	upon	up	betwixt	lots	
,	even	;	in	.	have	were	
for	and	they	17	33	but	woe	as	therefore	9	8	until	
and	samaria	rivers	much	she	they	in	behold	
the	his	thy	god	him	israel	christ	thee	thine	our	
after	in	with	before	contrary	,	to	:	mournfully	
,	.	in	i	;	was	?	
the	him	her	together	them	for	all	,	to	us	unto	
.	what	the	;	
and	[	
things	words	evil	
and	them	no	were	of	up	,	.	enough	in	it	the	freely	bread	
,	.	:	for	shall	every	;	?	
.	,	;	:	shall	after	are	which	arise	refused	with	came	
,	.	:	was	's	jacob	suck	;	?	
11	20	3	5	24	27	14	23	30	50	15	psalm	7	8	
,	.	in	rejoice	shall	freely	there	to	that	infants	last	[	repaired	
,	;	in	
tribe	breadth	height	land	people	valley	spirit	
the	pieces	whatsoever	battle	[	unto	
and	up	the	my	a	of	,	it	ashes	sour	:	
sons	,	wives	horns	leaves	men	edges	doors	faces	debtors	hundred	daughters	tenons	
13	21	5	14	25	micah	17	16	46	nahum	3	4	7	8	
her	me	not	us	[	him	them	laban	
is	was	shall	were	
,	charge	spirits	:	.	fought	were	;	with	he	
for	an	the	!	houses	is	us	will	also	thee	
it	with	the	their	also	
thy	the	justice	dragons	shepherds	his	devils	god	chimham	
over	a	up	through	out	from	six	down	in	throughout	with	
into	,	not	again	in	
lord	people	fire	king	pharisees	inhabitants	men	matter	chief	anakims	bones	earth	foolish	war	
is	was	shall	be	stood	that	to	lie	are	were	with	divided	
the	that	[	me	all	his	thee	.	not	wickedness	
,	.	to	[	of	she	hold	;	unto	
ye	o	fir	all	saith	son	i	weeping	[	
and	that	or	we	21	who	when	o	through	[	charity	
and	even	save	that	i	who	because	put	[	abraham	
,	.	in	;	
the	up	forth	a	me	his	darkness	some	an	to	him	apart	
,	that	.	wherewith	
to	unto	,	from	into	back	.	with	
[	,	likewise	
.	for	a	king	shall	is	,	to	under	;	:	with	
,	.	;	with	a	saved	twice	as	:	
for	,	.	the	a	his	of	but	in	
on	foot	his	thy	that	with	by	their	[	my	the	
them	him	,	the	his	you	joseph	an	
me	thee	us	his	no	pharaoh	strength	[	
baskets	loaves	things	times	[	soever	hired	thousands	
thee	me	his	thy	us	.	the	:	my	;	
it	him	up	their	the	them	her	thee	:	unto	
us	you	all	these	me	for	thee	,	an	every	by	
is	should	believeth	led	smote	had	hath	eateth	divided	died	
the	benjamin	malchiah	hattush	also	meremoth	hananiah	shallum	binnui	their	nehemiah	ezer	meshullam	hashabiah	azariah	uzziel	
his	my	the	me	thy	thee	,	down	in	forth	unto	
them	in	,	the	me	his	daily	
the	them	his	thy	for	,	.	heaven	;	
the	his	[	meat	two	one	five	]	
would	is	hath	also	shall	receive	turned	knew	had	stayed	.	seeketh	went	entered	
,	would	saw	made	after	.	said	[	slew	
his	the	my	thy	]	your	their	thine	him	women	
,	's	tamar	a	stood	hammoleketh	to	
;	:	unto	,	.	to	
,	.	[	rose	:	;	
by	unto	,	[	to	falsely	
out	to	into	,	from	food	in	before	abroad	
on	upon	,	according	.	
,	:	of	.	;	jerusalem	
,	.	in	shall	eight	;	:	with	?	
and	that	[	)	when	so	in	the	
and	which	the	jedaiah	46	of	that	2	(	hashabiah	
12	5	11	13	22	17	19	29	4	teach	genesis	21	
also	merry	not	troubled	sound	established	lifted	wise	hasty	changed	given	glad	
the	a	his	three	samaria	god	mine	thine	prison	
taken	a	given	conceived	heard	furnished	forsaken	rejected	prepared	born	slain	stablished	sealed	broken	kindled	
.	a	be	:	till	,	leave	to	in	
old	,	.	;	:	?	
and	that	which	because	to	as	in	[	spices	or	
[	,	.	which	:	by	
,	[	;	from	keepeth	was	against	talketh	as	with	
in	a	them	on	for	to	of	there	upon	also	the	you	
.	:	;	,	[	
the	his	derision	honour	abomination	bringing	their	joseph	reverence	remembrance	jerusalem	issachar	reputation	
away	the	under	from	it	him	up	not	[	with	
for	and	open	o	then	)	but	say	so	therefore	which	hearken	
and	but	27	for	yea	likewise	how	so	[	by	
not	:	;	for	evil	also	in	the	with	unto	more	
down	me	off	in	out	them	him	the	more	[	
and	15	11	21	22	seeing	when	28	1	as	9	now	
9	8	11	25	13	20	14	49	19	37	28	6	the	
it	them	already	her	thy	sufficient	therewith	some	free	matter	somewhat	occasion	the	any	
,	was	son	eliab	
,	abomination	all	great	shall	adultery	unto	
.	and	whose	hither	shortly	up	,	to	near	not	;	forth	unto	out	
mishael	and	[	saying	hanani	zabbai	of	hashub	with	
,	in	against	.	
up	
,	[	was	upon	.	stedfastly	doth	;	fell	
i	[	
up	from	again	by	
of	
,	.	to	shall	against	slain	were	:	was	
o	and	ye	named	all	but	my	
hand	.	
oil	wine	beaten	
for	whatsoever	and	13	14	that	thou	36	but	o	neither	[	
[	things	a	this	is	are	
shall	wilt	should	can	doth	art	comfort	will	
hachilah	bashan	god	the	gaash	zion	frankincense	ammah	jerusalem	moreh	
.	[	are	:	alone	with	
,	[	and	:	with	unto	
and	for	smite	because	look	i	5	therefore	6	the	14	
up	over	the	them	her	it	beside	at	
over	also	,	;	
you	us	false	mine	from	him	
the	none	[	him	them	her	amnon	down	out	
up	over	mine	a	all	thy	thine	signs	our	my	by	
in	the	them	on	jeremiah	her	away	upon	wisdom	[	
,	.	read	against	to	[	:	was	man	
gedaliah	all	their	the	because	athaliah	thee	him	sihon	saul	
treacherously	very	well	with	wickedly	truly	deceitfully	by	
from	them	the	like	her	that	him	amasa	our	[	
delivered	given	said	cast	also	exalted	chosen	raised	according	assayed	set	forgotten	the	wrought	
them	a	the	me	all	his	and	david	in	paul	
3	11	then	27	22	ephesians	28	35	jesus	4	6	if	
seduced	established	given	transgressed	spoken	caused	heard	stolen	let	a	seen	told	called	more	
be	his	give	slay	descend	reward	establish	
unto	by	,	both	that	in	oaths	
,	.	!	i	wrapped	say	in	mentioned	:	with	by	?	
might	grow	dwelt	chose	do	should	lay	
.	:	thirty	[	threescore	reached	;	
thee	upon	a	the	them	,	daily	him	you	[	by	unto	
and	peradventure	
,	shall	;	is	brought	[	:	
and	king	23	very	master	coming	such	[	
,	was	's	also	shall	.	destroyed	to	were	begotten	
and	i	saying	though	but	an	whom	bare	[	
[	,	the	great	shall	god	according	.	whatsoever	:	?	
,	shall	that	.	which	in	
over	by	through	on	away	
me	them	himself	,	thee	us	the	him	unto	
me	them	the	his	her	one	other	john	
high	lord	king	kingdom	name	levites	hair	most	slingers	
,	even	on	.	in	[	unto	
,	in	;	.	wherein	
,	?	hath	.	their	gave	ruled	
a	bearing	speaking	his	their	,	us	to	unto	:	with	him	communing	
chariots	horsemen	their	dromedaries	much	mules	with	
2	5	24	27	20	42	3	7	6	12	
the	i	god	is	they	
to	me	no	god	it	an	ahaziah	how	not	[	opportunity	the	
majesty	glory	power	dignity	brightness	dishonour	immortality	thanks	
to	them	,	]	him	for	thee	
them	,	to	him	that	thee	by	:	with	
a	this	folly	and	salvation	us	lewdness	toward	with	wickedness	
,	.	;	the	that	wherewith	which	until	
prophet	lamb	kingdom	blot	king	pillar	chariot	prey	worthy	ransom	peculiar	glorious	
and	[	their	as	they	
the	any	these	agag	thou	your	i	they	
unto	[	a	briefly	i	.	to	;	the	
the	all	many	john	
and	sackbut	except	o	to	go	before	
and	from	zabad	30	which	before	
war	sleep	the	blow	a	buy	vex	your	go	
away	a	them	his	thy	to	captive	pleasure	the	my	;	usury	
offering	
14	8	5	24	10	20	23	3	psalm	7	
,	seven	in	[	upon	
himself	the	,	down	his	
were	are	as	shall	profit	is	in	
same	seven	glory	harps	two	understanding	key	seal	everlasting	oversight	
sent	purposed	sworn	a	spoken	visited	
and	i	both	they	give	
,	:	shall	did	became	are	;	
suffer	do	needs	be	rise	reign	increase	release	continue	have	in	go	
and	smite	13	27	being	also	so	7	8	11	let	happy	
thee	,	to	you	us	:	unto	
the	my	hezekiah	his	her	thy	receive	
and	11	for	when	but	one	a	
away	off	up	him	thee	care	
the	fifty	one	fifteen	an	
his	my	oil	israel	moab	david	salvation	thine	the	]	
10	24	20	25	11	30	3	2	5	8	9	psalm	
a	from	astray	and	over	to	preaching	in	further	the	
,	.	to	heard	every	go	:	unto	
the	[	their	my	,	
.	,	:	that	shall	[	;	
a	on	already	not	married	,	dead	cast	drowned	ready	[	the	
upon	burnt	them	for	]	up	sacrifices	[	the	unto	
of	,	;	which	.	
,	say	gladly	speak	that	read	concerning	.	were	
from	to	.	,	with	by	before	
and	12	14	17	16	nevertheless	42	3	4	7	8	
,	me	and	all	it	how	[	.	my	
,	and	apart	hast	;	
whom	the	]	them	thine	?	
for	a	seven	my	.	to	the	with	lying	
hundred	men	wives	possessed	asses	[	turtledoves	
19	14	23	45	28	29	40	34	46	2	7	
and	in	they	that	
and	into	neither	thence	to	going	[	behold	
sheep	tribe	shepherd	ordinance	father	mind	purse	to	manner	lot	measure	law	
and	my	whose	whether	o	therefore	lord	
and	that	these	hear	in	[	the	
power	men	acts	hand	works	angels	wind	
body	land	country	,	son	feet	base	place	heap	house	works	husband	
,	for	of	upon	became	[	;	was	white	
and	26	ramah	hadattah	saith	37	one	which	
shall	.	[	:	from	,	at	were	
and	he	good	i	who	they	the	or	
them	with	solomon	him	
up	unto	away	,	through	in	:	with	abroad	out	
them	it	down	evil	low	in	the	forth	out	
and	to	[	as	which	he	
not	execute	judge	work	send	bless	catch	establish	
and	it	whose	[	or	
the	thy	them	of	it	together	in	my	themselves	
all	,	.	?	privily	[	:	;	
10	16	18	30	so	4	7	32	9	5	
with	,	.	and	shall	[	:	;	
the	him	me	thy	her	it	your	
them	out	all	into	seven	him	away	pur	
them	thee	you	,	him	;	my	the	
the	my	thy	moab	up	down	
23	5	4	16	thus	52	3	7	8	
and	11	21	for	18	but	else	let	in	
[	the	,	some	favour	an	as	grace	?	out	
found	holden	gotten	divided	formed	spanned	planted	god	the	saved	he	
.	in	from	endureth	to	glorious	[	?	
all	up	together	of	men	an	them	unto	
.	shall	hirah	,	in	the	with	;	
them	away	aside	the	every	[	judgment	unto	
the	christ	a	his	thy	abomination	thine	heaven	him	
incense	her	part	with	up	
,	this	my	
and	10	33	32	42	43	29	
thee	you	me	,	.	strangers	the	;	
10	12	17	22	23	27	2	6	8	
.	:	,	;	
lord	king	cup	two	host	fourth	bitter	roll	
i	he	[	was	is	ye	
,	turned	.	and	of	;	upon	
,	.	depart	every	;	:	before	
the	incense	with	hazor	sweet	upon	his	[	
2	4	11	10	14	43	but	6	8	
that	in	me	do	thy	,	.	
a	very	[	poor	his	her	the	
thy	the	off	doing	destroying	above	between	iniquity	before	
and	25	12	14	for	23	they	11	8	why	he	
up	him	[	from	us	
.	be	desolate	shall	,	[	:	;	he	
men	twigs	ones	man	
and	that	all	i	ye	but	without	
the	their	[	him	reproach	witness	
in	among	therein	[	,	
the	of	us	your	cursing	;	not	[	.	
me	my	thy	us	
,	at	a	:	.	
and	of	the	had	in	
the	all	a	among	of	him	every	[	
the	his	not	her	it	to	[	
of	
of	that	,	to	
and	[	after	one	are	which	if	
you	among	myself	thy	this	thee	,	us	toward	
[	are	come	have	know	
,	shall	[	;	was	by	
,	.	sacrifices	shall	?	
all	him	none	off	shall	mine	plenty	[	the	
and	that	as	berothah	[	where	hazarenan	
me	letters	messengers	.	widows	him	
for	of	,	.	;	:	
in	,	.	's	laid	was	
10	22	25	36	matthew	3	5	7	9	ruth	
the	in	,	for	before	
for	thou	but	and	even	27	no	5	
the	a	of	in	
,	.	;	:	]	
27	24	10	and	21	23	19	18	29	8	
away	me	into	them	out	
priest	high	second	
,	.	over	[	before	hateth	toward	away	he	
poor	residue	word	people	money	porch	arrows	candlestick	second	crying	cherubims	
.	,	up	to	:	with	
his	israel	him	
,	shall	is	there	.	are	[	was	he	
them	the	him	captivity	thee	
?	.	;	,	only	the	:	
was	,	many	is	upon	.	directly	:	with	
the	me	them	all	jeremiah	
a	and	20	be	thou	god	but	as	7	
their	[	my	his	upon	feet	
word	words	poor	sound	cry	prayer	reproof	
the	horses	all	his	mount	some	white	
the	one	faith	we	his	men	,	they	
,	provender	;	going	's	
and	
way	heart	deeds	
[	his	them	from	of	him	sight	the	
near	unto	and	down	in	close	now	]	out	
voice	wisdom	cry	
to	over	.	on	
but	and	for	with	18	ye	wherefore	2	open	your	
and	thou	except	but	walk	i	satan	[	tell	
unto	to	of	therefore	
and	the	19	which	that	
the	and	12	of	sherebiah	[	
my	the	he	]	they	man	
heart	daughter	ornaments	power	wife	fault	two	portion	way	thick	captain	
,	;	[	of	.	
them	the	his	ahab	her	thee	him	joab	baalpeor	
,	.	are	]	which	
,	for	.	to	was	
,	.	shall	have	:	flee	?	
all	off	thy	away	them	gladness	[	forth	out	
the	his	this	mine	it	jerusalem	with	him	
peace	steps	
the	
.	[	:	with	,	in	
profane	without	unblameable	reverend	beloved	our	true	unholy	
and	for	eliel	jeriah	korah	the	where	
,	like	.	to	;	:	was	
help	shed	be	get	the	jerusalem	flee	
and	
him	them	her	of	samuel	what	david	
and	for	20	21	i	this	they	the	
.	,	shall	;	[	:	white	
proverbs	15	14	10	31	30	29	16	7	6	
the	my	this	our	
give	be	work	deliver	rule	abound	go	possess	speak	
and	the	after	[	
me	,	us	.	through	;	:	my	by	out	
doctrine	sword	distaff	bow	truth	ark	beginning	tradition	traditions	
the	a	]	an	
,	.	;	went	daily	
,	and	like	of	became	:	
,	and	.	which	;	:	
the	his	this	me	that	
to	as	
for	lineage	thy	within	riches	against	large	in	my	
.	from	for	when	as	:	by	
,	[	:	shall	
the	his	all	to	jordan	
and	a	of	as	which	[	the	
father	
.	,	:	in	have	
and	that	or	be	as	[	neither	
a	for	many	it	one	to	atonement	[	jerusalem	restitution	
them	him	seven	.	jabin	;	before	
offering	,	that	unto	with	
unto	me	great	thy	this	these	kindness	more	
a	stones	great	boards	fire	axes	thirst	their	timbrels	the	
.	,	shall	thou	is	;	:	
eyes	uncleanness	head	spear	servant	weapon	father	children	
come	coming	thy	she	not	at	
4	11	26	20	21	19	43	5	7	
be	laugh	give	drop	praise	pass	vanish	tremble	declare	
men	,	ones	both	one	children	
the	thee	
him	me	a	them	for	the	bread	
bill	recompence	palace	wall	certain	bed	writing	publick	
hath	house	me	off	.	to	the	
12	21	18	31	42	3	malachi	4	7	
and	brethren	from	beware	regard	watch	as	
,	.	doth	at	the	:	
to	shoulder	his	that	according	up	are	was	tent	
,	delivered	faileth	:	.	
to	[	foot	thy	
,	played	that	also	;	was	the	
the	a	great	his	all	
.	:	,	speak	
and	[	his	for	god	27	2	
and	when	arrayed	who	it	they	the	he	
the	heaven	their	dan	
and	his	12	15	2	whereupon	they	speak	he	
,	for	is	should	also	continue	:	with	
given	built	turned	committed	taken	found	appointed	
crucify	agreed	had	will	cast	laid	compelled	have	saw	killed	
his	a	like	these	many	since	,	rebuke	the	
spoken	said	
the	god	thee	a	iniquity	.	
,	in	falsehood	his	confusion	[	with	the	
and	if	
on	[	,	of	
the	down	in	them	,	[	
11	10	14	22	30	50	117	5	7	6	
the	of	a	authority	such	
to	but	and	that	which	[	
not	full	sore	lifted	mine	
not	the	his	back	alive	[	my	him	
the	innocency	his	thy	this	water	
the	[	god	his	all	
,	's	answered	;	:	by	
them	[	thee	
[	good	from	in	corrupt	:	]	he	
all	the	]	a	of	,	
that	and	thou	it	she	which	
be	bring	also	restore	
.	:	[	from	
.	,	;	into	
in	.	from	,	together	:	
peace	
me	the	with	my	for	
,	.	;	[	:	
a	three	and	meremoth	baanah	adna	the	
to	me	his	,	;	not	the	him	
israel	the	
thy	thyself	thine	from	
and	3	therefore	
voice	vows	cry	supplication	words	fame	
,	;	through	which	in	
upper	living	great	cup	days	kingdoms	nations	
,	
.	a	sigh	,	fell	;	nor	
.	;	,	one	:	with	
,	through	from	concerning	.	exceedingly	
filled	great	full	plaistered	finished	laid	
not	unto	diligently	
,	secretly	martha	aholibah	.	in	;	:	
unto	to	[	ye	
more	harm	fault	rest	presents	answer	children	
and	that	which	
with	
made	established	handled	i	crucified	ministered	not	
and	a	like	,	.	in	;	the	?	
heaven	israel	the	ai	his	
and	a	from	in	[	whereunto	he	
,	and	in	
and	i	ye	it	they	the	
us	jacob	my	his	from	jerusalem	
shall	tribe	was	his	that	
and	
not	away	his	from	it	to	
left	shut	increased	risen	mine	the	builded	by	
the	they	[	we	
the	me	thy	thee	their	my	
,	at	unto	[	?	are	
,	.	again	:	
on	good	thereon	her	within	,	to	scorn	]	
;	.	,	?	
them	me	thee	him	[	you	
.	unto	a	heavy	from	,	through	
his	us	the	me	it	our	
unto	me	great	them	by	moses	him	wonders	
the	me	his	us	houses	him	
.	,	from	
the	me	all	his	you	[	an	him	
and	the	when	but	
thee	me	the	you	him	
shepherd	evil	children	part	necessity	issue	guide	hope	more	
for	and	13	28	whence	let	she	why	
army	house	inheritance	host	impediment	infirmity	issue	handmaid	unclean	
,	
of	,	.	;	
and	vexed	where	o	go	with	
against	with	also	in	
,	.	?	
away	it	
.	:	,	hast	;	
a	for	and	this	pits	,	
.	,	;	
is	was	stone	shall	there	weighed	were	
city	holds	ones	cities	[	hold	
.	all	that	there	,	:	
and	saying	30	[	where	if	
and	then	13	12	15	14	22	19	4	
heavy	reckoned	all	made	coals	astonished	[	come	assembled	
.	[	:	;	?	
the	,	that	till	deceit	[	
strong	strengthened	slack	sufficient	faint	weak	
bountifully	wondrously	to	graciously	against	deceitfully	very	treacherously	
10	13	and	12	3	2	4	
received	shut	thy	redeemed	as	defiled	covered	burnt	left	
,	down	with	and	on	at	
of	in	;	:	,	
.	;	,	
and	9	his	immediately	he	
peace	tongue	right	
ignorant	wise	circumcised	to	without	know	in	
.	's	shall	,	satisfied	sight	seeth	was	
against	's	stuck	in	[	]	;	
and	
me	that	compassion	fathers	no	enough	dominion	our	opportunity	
one	good	work	evil	upright	lord	righteous	whore	
11	10	and	17	16	18	35	
.	again	from	into	,	in	;	out	
in	shall	down	that	under	with	he	
prayer	speech	voice	father	affliction	
among	,	great	his	folly	wonderfully	
to	laid	,	
be	give	die	wash	hiss	not	
as	love	that	to	dwell	
king	god	father	son	person	lord	face	
to	,	the	.	
the	thee	them	,	in	
none	death	yea	there	life	not	given	shamgar	
and	is	,	.	as	in	;	:	
all	a	thee	one	labour	[	wisdom	
made	overlaid	built	cieled	asked	
,	more	[	:	with	out	
,	;	.	they	in	
and	flesh	it	in	not	;	grass	]	
over	to	on	upon	
them	others	us	
and	10	from	19	turned	to	he	
,	.	;	from	out	
stones	eyes	quiver	privy	hair	shoe	way	proper	
,	shall	[	
:	upon	,	
and	he	10	27	37	my	
the	me	his	zion	your	him	fill	
been	:	tares	not	]	?	
and	but	[	ye	
the	on	siege	upon	up	my	
and	feed	let	
,	abode	to	like	.	
for	because	
,	:	behold	upon	.	
to	that	other	assurance	understanding	
and	for	20	15	
me	thy	thee	after	,	the	[	out	
a	for	this	of	riches	long	wisdom	the	
,	.	to	
out	[	himself	forth	
,	little	thereof	.	nothing	[	bread	
,	and	[	:	
,	shall	within	are	in	[	
,	of	[	:	shall	
necks	neck	heart	hearts	
a	them	his	it	,	down	with	him	
stones	great	wheat	twenty	corn	the	
the	24	11	47	pelaiah	anan	anaiah	
wars	your	me	thee	thy	
about	,	
gushed	like	did	is	to	fell	[	with	
son	apparel	agagite	jews	
:	,	.	
,	before	smote	three	to	with	
with	there	,	two	[	.	
and	23	i	as	7	9	unto	
no	;	them	him	,	
:	.	,	
,	.	unwittingly	which	:	unto	
upon	not	to	forth	on	
a	fair	of	.	boldly	mysteries	with	vanity	
them	his	thee	together	to	elias	the	
the	these	things	that	
strength	toes	love	wrath	fire	men	name	
the	his	thy	kings	my	
the	all	[	
,	word	of	:	
and	but	)	that	
the	[	me	a	his	]	
the	he	his	that	this	absalom	
all	them	the	
his	of	upon	tail	worshipped	[	captain	
and	[	for	but	praise	he	
anger	wrath	
down	the	[	up	bread	
and	or	he	
,	.	four	in	
thing	,	saying	message	;	
and	a	[	with	they	
what	it	likewise	to	the	believe	
,	.	again	in	
,	.	to	with	unto	before	
,	can	
,	from	forty	fourscore	.	
,	the	it	singers	]	[	
and	canst	12	this	(	43	2	
,	.	goeth	are	the	:	[	
,	.	in	go	[	:	
him	me	them	thee	the	out	
them	their	him	many	
and	for	3	that	
and	that	but	4	the	unto	
her	his	this	the	that	
hath	is	alone	worketh	prospereth	
fire	the	me	whom	solomon	him	
would	attained	refused	will	meaneth	entered	
up	from	him	not	
was	is	were	
devil	desire	little	name	few	mighty	
prophet	son	ruler	
unto	,	.	
,	:	from	after	.	;	
and	for	thinking	put	[	declare	
shekel	cubit	time	
voice	words	wisdom	servant	lovingkindness	
;	that	,	.	to	:	flee	
not	,	yet	:	
me	[	by	,	.	
to	's	,	:	.	
unto	with	to	in	
10	and	26	12	21	23	37	
the	these	that	thy	
.	,	unto	;	by	?	he	
have	do	said	love	hid	kept	
among	may	,	should	which	;	:	
the	such	him	her	their	
off	me	him	
and	22	this	thus	5	4	6	so	
word	voice	blasphemy	supplication	parables	words	
.	among	,	will	;	:	?	
:	.	;	,	shall	
ye	thou	no	
in	.	:	from	
me	them	in	rebellion	
the	jacob	oppressors	those	
in	before	up	,	
restored	heavy	the	withered	weary	
much	a	,	evil	in	[	
reward	carcases	senses	part	habitation	
[	these	all	the	
and	for	i	neither	it	
brother	life	own	son	
the	their	himself	unto	
:	.	,	was	whereof	
than	abundance	abundantly	but	understanding	abundant	
thee	baalim	them	,	in	your	
,	:	!	?	
and	,	;	with	
cry	groaning	reproach	words	
her	mine	your	thy	
the	[	my	day	
,	answered	went	:	
and	18	the	seven	which	
.	desolate	may	the	:	;	
,	the	
and	that	come	
sons	daughters	turtles	
of	after	.	
of	from	within	.	to	:	
and	stood	with	according	for	
and	19	so	therefore	but	
day	treasure	[	ministry	son	
the	a	cenchrea	my	
them	judah	among	thee	my	
be	have	
faith	his	thy	augustus	blood	the	
thee	me	my	us	
king	captain	son	
,	;	.	
abomination	murder	,	to	nothing	unto	
11	and	26	18	44	42	selah	
14	16	zechariah	4	6	8	
,	in	;	:	was	?	
and	the	straightway	conspired	that	
,	to	into	unto	.	
me	what	all	in	no	
thine	[	their	understanding	
give	the	remain	divide	eat	
my	thy	thee	instruction	every	the	
25	17	and	16	32	
do	himself	give	accuse	go	dwell	
oil	a	fish	his	the	[	
tetrarch	king	
]	the	wisdom	
,	.	;	
faces	thousand	brasen	wings	daughters	
,	.	may	
established	made	like	divided	worthy	not	builded	
possessions	iron	reasoning	experience	bitterness	
a	me	his	thy	coals	scorners	the	
me	near	off	back	out	
be	reveal	fall	it	he	
to	,	.	
,	went	brake	
and	who	one	eliathah	[	with	
me	a	heir	it	your	unto	out	
it	them	any	
:	,	he	in	shall	
the	his	it	all	
,	water	:	.	wine	
him	a	one	no	
and	that	fearful	as	without	not	by	
forth	his	no	down	in	my	
is	of	was	,	]	
and	the	prince	
dead	old	sanctified	bound	known	the	
upon	and	is	,	.	toward	
,	;	:	unto	.	
,	to	;	:	from	
yourselves	all	thyself	them	those	
off	down	asunder	rahab	
the	this	my	harvest	
,	he	go	abide	
stood	people	young	.	ones	captains	with	
and	neither	all	nor	one	
the	his	temptation	prayer	
about	his	from	after	aside	their	in	
them	me	thence	these	the	speaking	
his	a	me	eleazar	the	him	
15	and	22	5	9	8	
hath	;	.	with	shall	
me	the	our	my	
,	in	:	flee	?	
me	all	his	thy	thee	my	
]	,	[	as	.	
the	may	down	it	rahab	
in	therein	all	was	it	
count	searcheth	,	wisdom	seeketh	;	:	
upon	into	
of	,	[	concerning	that	
and	azariah	jashobeam	
in	,	!	among	that	
heard	from	defiled	taken	called	sent	
saying	14	16	four	such	[	before	
off	us	me	all	out	
righteousness	thee	to	transgression	our	:	him	
:	,	;	depart	shall	
a	:	,	.	
of	gold	inheritance	thing	suit	man	
prosperous	with	is	,	.	]	into	
and	the	three	
[	world	hope	been	man	
multitude	you	their	height	
:	moses	the	;	,	
,	[	;	:	were	
me	draw	torment	night	
from	,	
the	egypt	god	
,	that	.	;	:	ruled	
,	.	in	
and	or	to	let	in	
up	thee	
against	upon	,	it	to	in	
great	his	it	in	not	the	him	
and	[	
thou	there	i	my	prophet	
the	man	god	his	them	
and	from	33	others	hold	eat	before	
and	we	i	nabal	take	neither	
forth	them	an	the	out	
received	seven	four	another	seen	ordinances	john	
;	from	,	.	:	?	
[	them	favour	,	grace	the	
israel	me	them	thy	
be	do	make	reign	bless	stir	defend	
,	.	:	against	
offering	sacrifice	
,	;	.	shall	
his	oxen	them	him	all	
.	:	,	shall	
brethren	eyes	lands	wealth	being	steps	kings	
thou	god	the	ye	
come	not	the	there	
and	[	because	
prophet	lord	
me	away	aside	my	him	out	
the	a	thee	his	
them	his	souls	their	jacob	the	
ye	some	the	they	
down	off	the	it	
know	fear	see	
,	armageddon	to	[	bethesda	
and	5	for	but	that	
me	a	them	righteousness	,	
[	i	12	28	3	
obtained	received	caught	been	compassed	found	
is	things	palaces	places	praises	
in	the	much	,	
in	the	christ	unto	
against	:	,	
out	the	away	forth	up	
shall	heareth	hanged	said	gave	
,	in	.	
heaven	him	this	thy	
rebuke	sinners	us	,	.	
,	;	before	
ten	worshipped	
shall	my	down	the	with	?	
,	upon	
it	,	[	with	him	before	
round	a	into	upon	
his	from	it	rivers	upside	the	
them	him	the	.	
when	and	saying	we	
he	god	deviseth	form	
,	of	;	:	
brother	house	,	
and	king	the	son	10	
,	.	until	
in	among	[	at	forces	
dwelt	we	shall	,	in	with	
his	up	a	
the	them	him	
up	
;	:	,	for	.	
,	.	:	
me	the	god	
in	on	as	with	securely	
,	to	rise	held	
me	all	my	with	him	thyself	
are	is	come	
no	it	not	[	my	your	
blood	[	;	much	
the	cause	fear	
,	[	:	
his	thy	the	
from	to	this	these	how	[	
,	's	
himself	thee	you	the	my	him	
10	26	27	29	2	7	
from	shall	as	are	in	:	
measuring	little	scarlet	sharp	present	man	
up	down	me	
princes	holy	tackling	house	thing	print	
seven	longer	many	so	at	with	
;	loosed	:	,	shall	
[	.	:	toward	
and	,	.	
delivered	received	whereof	brought	opportunity	?	
:	without	[	,	before	
he	his	formed	virtue	
,	shall	
it	a	the	[	him	
do	feedeth	give	knoweth	will	hath	
him	[	?	
among	,	in	meet	:	]	
among	it	mine	in	the	my	
their	twelve	david	out	of	
:	,	.	
shall	before	:	,	
thee	[	my	for	him	
fire	good	silver	spoil	violence	
15	i	25	13	1	
hold	many	his	[	in	
kingdom	body	name	power	voice	arm	
and	also	there	oxen	unto	
art	thou	also	are	neither	was	
,	or	with	fall	
righteousness	own	riches	head	days	other	
her	one	the	mary	
and	of	asaph	
you	them	him	
a	it	silver	in	[	the	
thy	,	the	my	[	unto	
5	24	1	13	genesis	
the	me	all	it	for	
for	his	a	
upon	;	.	[	in	
that	shall	?	which	.	
them	his	me	and	
barley	wheat	ten	
10	then	16	3	7	6	
the	a	[	thy	
among	upon	,	in	alone	[	
,	to	:	for	
swine	many	
her	all	upon	in	
,	shalt	to	:	
again	from	to	:	with	unto	
age	sins	
his	two	lain	some	
again	for	,	earnestly	unto	more	
and	neither	he	
he	i	[	they	her	
it	his	treasure	
the	an	it	
me	a	the	his	judgment	
his	that	vex	live	having	lying	
in	this	when	by	for	
,	.	;	:	
canst	owest	oughtest	doest	provokedst	hast	
to	!	it	,	
gabbatha	servant	one	this	which	[	
went	was	spread	in	
the	and	one	
and	amnon	said	absalom	.	
pity	word	being	of	matters	part	
from	depart	of	
26	23	16	37	6	john	
,	:	round	
to	
,	.	to	in	;	he	
with	in	from	:	
their	my	our	
them	his	it	
a	myself	their	[	my	;	
the	his	it	
thee	them	our	israel	
up	it	[	his	
on	make	;	[	:	mount	
god	mercy	given	written	he	
and	[	from	49	
him	:	of	the	his	
into	the	;	his	out	
,	and	this	.	
in	.	;	under	from	
unto	to	
his	mine	her	thine	
:	!	to	shall	.	
against	the	,	
the	a	[	all	
that	.	in	,	
down	the	go	him	
and	11	for	thou	37	have	
and	thou	[	moses	which	
,	she	
his	for	that	not	the	vashti	
him	thy	the	himself	for	
24	21	5	4	7	8	
forth	down	.	
:	,	;	shall	
the	foot	
:	[	;	,	at	
i	let	in	;	the	unto	
:	,	[	is	
heart	spirit	
the	a	his	clouds	power	
smote	blesseth	hath	loveth	fleeth	now	
and	12	for	that	4	7	
,	;	were	
ought	prevail	turned	hear	
speak	not	say	.	reasoning	
his	gibeah	thine	tamar	thy	
for	a	:	his	in	
:	.	,	
bethel	sorrow	wards	an	charge	the	
's	,	
works	
upon	on	into	,	from	
out	forth	the	
is	his	them	any	whereof	
of	upon	neither	my	wine	
,	;	:	
[	24	37	28	4	
[	sarai	dinah	loruhamah	
the	
to	the	righteousness	unto	
her	the	,	
ephod	poor	ark	fatted	timbrel	
the	
,	.	;	:	he	
of	,	
before	that	[	.	,	
for	,	.	in	:	]	
their	my	your	
9	and	3	36	17	
for	
6	31	16	53	23	
out	this	upon	
me	the	up	thy	him	
a	love	our	my	that	
not	receive	all	kill	
past	come	the	fallen	ripe	
me	any	thy	
.	;	doth	,	
wood	stone	
to	;	was	,	is	
.	,	he	
unto	to	of	
a	hath	the	any	her	
to	them	,	afore	.	
and	for	each	
his	and	us	in	
peace	
sons	friends	
the	all	wisdom	him	
to	[	should	
be	is	,	shooteth	shall	
up	
his	[	the	.	
face	commandments	
,	;	for	greatly	
these	the	his	every	due	
of	;	,	?	.	
days	shepherds	sons	hundred	
[	my	him	thy	,	
and	behold	for	if	
believed	will	sent	
peace	
,	:	
and	to	upon	unto	
feast	weapon	consultation	council	
that	do	are	for	
likeness	only	casting	measure	
a	of	the	oil	out	
are	among	shall	,	that	
and	wherein	
a	our	them	it	unto	
prophet	little	
straight	:	
[	the	all	his	hold	
to	over	with	
to	.	,	?	no	
forth	to	own	.	
gone	given	going	secure	dead	
the	defile	flee	
spirits	
,	to	[	.	
of	
the	day	be	
the	when	,	all	.	
unto	also	thus	,	
the	from	my	,	
hairy	delivered	made	steady	feeble	
into	upon	,	.	
all	man	your	it	him	
thee	his	my	thy	
the	israel	men	thee	their	
this	him	with	
the	them	
for	11	and	so	
not	also	the	his	
33	19	12	5	40	
up	it	
master	word	commandments	beloved	
the	corn	it	meal	
.	:	;	in	
and	[	
himself	me	[	the	
8	behold	15	therefore	he	
9	5	39	when	23	
over	,	to	
of	:	.	
a	,	also	
mine	their	the	god	
ye	of	as	well	
.	[	:	,	
the	jerusalem	shiloh	
near	.	upon	unto	no	
,	;	[	are	
to	not	,	
a	wives	:	her	an	
thee	me	him	
the	god	,	him	
,	shall	;	
this	me	them	thee	it	
the	them	jerusalem	israel	
through	on	over	throughout	
and	i	we	for	they	
and	yet	
son	king	
and	because	upon	but	he	
wickedness	turning	any	thy	understanding	
himself	his	[	,	
to	also	
in	not	[	.	
them	thee	him	saul	
also	[	,	have	in	
.	
:	to	his	empty	.	
and	[	nor	
without	of	,	unto	
by	;	:	the	shall	
the	all	his	they	
came	was	drew	,	
with	[	,	.	
his	the	
to	them	it	him	david	
way	device	
by	.	with	,	under	
oar	pen	law	shield	harp	
,	.	:	
,	
,	;	:	.	
said	
.	[	
on	to	;	:	.	
the	joshua	great	
the	and	him	,	
he	[	
lifted	fenced	holy	lofty	
and	of	shalt	bread	
them	ashtoreth	:	it	
and	his	
,	;	.	
,	.	
contempt	out	water	
,	after	have	
known	in	done	for	prepared	
me	the	[	
,	in	yet	by	
,	toward	are	unto	.	
fast	not	guiltless	in	
;	:	,	?	.	
is	did	when	shall	
children	king	evil	ungodly	
out	forth	
with	on	upon	round	thereof	
on	upon	,	
unto	
to	should	.	,	shall	
,	concerning	moved	she	
opened	shut	black	restrained	
a	the	
the	this	
rumour	sound	noise	word	
and	neither	because	beginning	
troubled	:	perish	.	
,	of	when	.	
and	lest	called	
in	of	:	
let	how	as	because	
the	them	,	
and	to	the	make	
heavens	
hand	face	eyes	
blasphemous	to	my	,	]	
moment	oppressor	whit	day	morning	
and	[	
in	,	
,	the	
,	on	in	
a	me	cattle	,	more	
and	31	5	one	
.	;	,	
sick	brokenhearted	breaches	
jacob	his	the	
he	
,	the	
moab	vexation	her	your	
them	the	all	
of	,	.	
and	because	but	which	an	
eyes	hands	feet	
more	thing	[	
me	the	vain	trouble	time	
the	cities	thyself	all	thy	
and	as	without	
these	also	the	babylon	israel	
dwelling	
the	a	israel	nations	
and	their	was	are	shall	
me	the	thy	
;	was	,	.	
us	the	you	
in	.	,	against	
with	one	
were	on	[	;	
a	whom	the	him	that	
said	commanded	done	
have	sigh	with	,	
son	father	
.	
excused	to	away	in	
a	the	thy	judah	
works	light	kindness	
wherefore	i	9	therefore	
;	up	?	therefore	
season	times	
of	
and	the	thee	my	,	
the	these	thee	all	
the	my	.	
thee	the	two	you	
the	from	him	it	
and	the	hashabiah	[	according	
to	all	into	us	
me	you	five	mine	one	
8	19	4	16	
and	till	which	
hundred	thousand	sons	days	months	
the	be	his	eat	
and	,	[	
doves	with	upon	understanding	
from	round	.	
is	with	,	unto	in	
the	not	back	all	
and	even	that	
rose	set	come	came	passed	
places	[	place	unto	
,	came	
shebaniah	hashum	kelita	maaseiah	bani	
and	
.	[	
.	and	[	he	
and	19	27	how	
their	themselves	my	you	refuge	
the	down	on	upon	
over	shall	;	shalt	
me	his	:	that	
[	the	themselves	no	
in	;	long	
by	their	none	babylon	
of	that	out	,	shall	
the	your	
shall	of	were	
,	:	
all	david	
,	's	
and	where	
and	8	therefore	fruitful	
[	out	,	.	
the	me	his	her	
upon	heavy	
,	loosed	;	:	
11	9	3	
out	the	forth	away	
isaac	;	:	up	one	
and	neither	forasmuch	but	
,	to	;	.	
kenite	father	
a	twain	the	them	no	
:	,	with	
,	.	:	
archite	
as	.	;	,	in	
was	
to	a	the	
a	pity	five	indignation	no	
45	13	30	37	26	
the	joshua	i	david	
he	and	[	so	
us	me	his	him	
.	;	,	
me	up	
.	their	the	them	
jezreel	the	
the	away	my	your	their	
against	of	;	devices	
to	and	unto	before	
of	:	.	
the	me	them	
phinehas	
loosed	from	,	.	
5	14	7	16	
,	and	
the	wrath	
put	the	appointed	no	
and	his	let	
,	!	above	
in	;	.	
,	over	for	
thou	have	
will	is	was	befell	
seen	known	understood	
jerusalem	ophrah	ramah	
and	of	alas	
all	:	,	;	
.	over	:	
and	were	
,	not	;	
,	for	
[	man	we	one	
and	thou	for	
god	the	salvation	promise	
deeds	treasure	promise	pleasure	
;	upon	,	.	
altars	bullocks	oxen	
me	their	
and	.	
thousands	servants	
thick	:	round	;	
,	silver	words	wrath	
is	:	in	.	
on	;	:	as	
this	the	
,	
that	was	departed	
his	[	in	
and	(	
thou	
a	fire	his	four	
not	much	,	.	
all	some	
they	i	sinned	
against	
receive	the	come	send	
.	on	:	
,	toward	.	
the	much	wheat	unto	
,	judgments	
:	,	against	?	
.	of	,	
all	not	himself	
the	that	paul	an	
,	with	
our	your	
not	them	him	her	
the	god	all	
.	:	shall	
.	
;	:	.	
:	was	,	
is	we	they	
may	speak	know	must	
,	:	
such	[	every	ho	
,	by	
;	them	the	for	
them	their	him	
his	
,	also	hath	
and	thee	them	thy	
in	them	,	
conscience	beards	thumbs	breasts	
toward	in	,	.	
the	
against	:	above	
heads	horns	
i	and	so	for	
is	be	
men	his	the	
,	shall	
things	a	members	
,	.	
,	;	.	
spake	say	had	
and	
,	with	
deceit	the	oppression	none	
said	seen	done	
of	shall	,	in	
and	[	ye	which	
alabaster	hundred	issue	
the	again	seven	
a	you	five	all	
my	me	thy	
did	is	]	shall	
under	the	upon	
me	the	mine	?	
to	,	.	
over	
me	his	himself	
not	:	by	.	
was	,	unto	.	
against	a	with	
me	all	men	thy	
unto	's	,	
in	at	faithful	
be	bring	the	
and	
a	[	
,	a	;	
.	[	unto	
all	a	
way	ways	upon	
also	[	unto	become	
it	presents	for	
.	through	,	in	
the	jerusalem	
mystery	four	head	tradition	
eliphal	ahiam	35	34	
me	upon	,	
and	hath	yes	o	
and	some	
the	it	
and	snow	for	that	
our	seven	[	witness	
8	21	7	16	
the	praise	
,	?	.	
the	them	against	
spoken	devised	raised	the	
13	7	6	
2	3	7	
with	at	.	
place	[	
souls	violent	prey	
evil	me	thee	
forehead	head	
,	since	sent	
,	:	toward	
thee	me	his	
not	;	against	.	
them	full	the	man	
up	
in	,	
,	against	.	
to	:	,	before	
:	,	made	shall	
upon	,	which	that	
unto	,	
among	in	,	.	
and	bezai	two	three	
brimstone	21	whatsoever	he	
life	
[	the	three	,	
and	where	for	hazarhatticon	
him	james	[	
to	
a	[	:	?	
and	:	have	shall	
in	not	
a	;	because	.	
lifted	turned	been	deceived	
not	[	
the	his	zion	it	
against	this	evil	
,	
me	down	the	
be	as	shall	
given	not	he	
hin	hour	
to	:	soft	unto	
.	is	;	
of	was	for	.	
about	
a	my	for	unto	
,	and	to	
11	27	5	genesis	
it	thee	him	
an	a	not	
waste	,	?	.	
shall	eateth	leaned	
,	sent	here	
his	my	
i	.	upon	arise	
covenant	trouble	salvation	two	
cattle	work	business	
he	isaac	the	
your	their	heart	
to	my	him	
ye	the	
of	that	
,	from	out	
the	moab	he	
among	wisely	with	to	
tongue	peace	
out	
,	and	.	
as	sent	rest	been	
you	their	thee	
shall	a	,	
;	kindleth	goeth	,	
of	
;	by	thy	,	
deceit	bring	his	dress	
the	his	
[	
against	
11	10	21	17	
it	faith	you	
an	a	the	
off	fallen	,	he	
their	[	themselves	ourselves	
feet	abounded	rest	honour	
:	feareth	,	.	
peace	
and	
coats	]	daughters	wives	
the	
tree	
tekoa	gerar	lot	abram	
the	not	
;	like	is	
the	[	vain	malice	
me	,	are	him	
,	:	from	
into	in	
in	there	,	
their	them	the	to	
the	it	which	that	
,	.	
14	47	2	
and	29	
me	lovers	us	against	
.	is	shall	
to	the	,	.	
of	in	
are	be	is	
,	.	
jurisdiction	birthday	judgment	steward	
his	in	knowledge	sinners	
:	the	
the	
my	their	the	
all	forth	the	out	
yea	and	2	patient	
i	and	sing	
and	variance	or	
from	through	by	thy	
their	any	evil	that	
forth	.	out	an	
,	worthy	.	
incense	the	in	
[	:	ten	shall	
.	;	,	
and	the	pelatiah	13	
;	foursquare	,	
18	45	numbers	4	
me	
him	out	
on	is	thus	in	
opened	of	fled	
again	with	,	against	
dwelt	;	,	than	
works	
for	and	thy	
on	;	:	,	
,	
i	2	from	they	
that	because	,	at	
and	so	why	she	
my	off	above	god	
faith	stephanas	onesiphorus	god	
,	are	were	
many	philip	to	.	
thee	me	us	
me	thee	already	according	
me	[	them	him	
sabbath	middle	fiftieth	
the	rachel	shiloh	
and	
[	the	
withal	shall	are	were	
and	sweet	[	
the	my	man	
[	his	them	
the	unto	
approved	transformed	christ	judged	
me	thy	
king	law	multitude	words	
for	iniquity	all	
dead	joined	
[	,	?	.	
for	
them	out	forth	.	
among	that	in	
up	them	him	
,	.	
habitation	faces	dominion	inheritance	
.	with	,	
a	
hath	[	upon	in	
the	my	you	thee	
my	the	[	
i	and	the	
cast	doth	first	though	
me	thy	unto	,	
places	
talents	men	thousand	princes	
on	
son	servant	brother	
?	
brass	salvation	
against	,	
in	until	long	
fulfil	die	the	seek	
him	the	thee	
,	i	now	
me	and	the	them	
and	8	44	38	
me	the	
me	the	all	;	
,	:	which	
sons	steps	wings	
and	let	7	but	
of	possessed	by	that	
no	not	in	
down	cast	was	in	
and	18	now	38	
,	.	
me	them	his	unto	
the	his	
to	out	,	.	
[	:	;	
after	them	
of	sought	,	
i	is	doth	wrote	
,	from	three	in	
in	on	,	
in	,	
:	by	in	
;	when	the	
perished	sunk	dismayed	come	
them	baal	him	against	
heard	seen	built	visited	
and	;	from	.	
your	
lord	mouth	spirit	
and	than	
;	,	
me	you	him	rebellion	
came	are	have	exhorted	
's	
11	and	31	therefore	
a	the	fatted	
,	
the	their	[	
we	ye	
against	of	falsely	
these	their	thy	
the	jacob	cruelty	
have	will	commit	
us	thine	thy	
,	:	
father	hivite	
thy	
abundance	the	his	
unto	how	that	
hardened	:	?	unto	
,	[	
the	and	thy	
,	have	.	
their	the	jerusalem	with	
[	to	,	
3	2	31	17	
brought	gates	heard	lent	
and	by	in	
the	his	pharaoh	
,	:	
.	was	?	
three	purification	
.	;	,	
and	even	my	he	
be	faint	discover	
a	and	aside	
12	9	wherefore	
take	behind	;	or	
upon	ones	:	from	
i	pleasant	all	,	
not	what	men	
these	a	it	to	
me	counsellors	princes	
[	with	it	them	
of	the	thine	before	
,	;	.	
and	save	they	
thee	his	herself	
through	upon	in	
thy	[	
even	the	them	,	
hand	very	my	
country	as	which	that	
milcah	and	
jacob	our	his	for	
me	this	
against	;	unto	
:	.	,	shall	
thou	spread	20	for	
be	threescore	three	are	
are	coming	were	
:	.	
[	said	done	drunk	
is	was	came	were	
straw	spoken	learned	glorified	
of	thy	
and	
wives	things	sons	
the	his	
catch	[	himself	her	
to	in	unto	first	
yourselves	the	them	you	
.	;	
the	himself	others	
up	forth	
gifts	and	in	
from	up	,	
me	the	thee	
;	up	no	
upon	:	from	
upon	by	out	
,	dropped	
your	visions	
and	saying	if	
son	edomite	
thinkest	to	and	
righteousness	talent	face	
not	
him	and	
yea	2	though	
all	
he	ye	
to	over	greatly	
,	to	
thee	his	off	
and	an	
thou	
,	?	.	
the	to	
faith	the	
unto	
the	pharaoh	
all	my	you	
my	the	
aloud	,	.	
cutting	the	unrighteousness	
for	the	
dan	gad	for	
and	[	or	
did	looked	buried	
i	for	that	
his	up	out	
and	4	6	
their	the	his	
work	act	wives	
of	great	that	
the	
grief	to	darkness	
the	
other	days	times	
shechem	unto	
them	my	,	
all	up	.	
,	[	
3	7	6	
king	ezrahite	son	
[	and	
.	to	
[	;	exceedingly	
unto	.	
in	
did	sent	
.	:	
and	10	forsake	
dressed	father	son	
on	for	
this	but	in	
the	them	
beast	thy	man	
the	
was	came	falleth	
himself	thee	
[	is	,	
thou	
levites	woman	jews	
then	3	
me	a	evermore	
[	for	unto	
also	waxed	came	
pounds	talents	
,	of	
,	
trumpets	psalteries	cymbals	
obtained	these	,	
a	this	he	
he	,	.	
:	at	gave	
peace	tongue	
,	
goodly	,	thy	
behold	the	16	
himself	and	
the	boldly	
know	do	
,	
ishmael	,	abram	
gates	officers	foundations	
and	
fulfilled	done	decreed	
11	18	4	
heavens	the	
to	?	hath	
five	,	ten	
to	the	an	
trouble	the	
a	.	in	
[	
lovers	nor	but	
8	12	5	
[	:	are	
he	it	
,	
.	,	
heart	[	captain	
with	from	of	
,	till	
the	
all	upon	[	
his	him	for	
my	the	
on	away	his	
you	them	
among	on	to	
a	the	witness	
alone	;	that	
not	receive	work	
26	at	22	
the	a	
all	]	her	
lord	victuals	money	
and	[	shall	
me	[	us	
the	every	
,	.	
,	
ye	thou	
of	into	
and	the	seventy	
,	?	are	
with	;	
no	compassion	
down	upon	
of	his	it	
and	shebaniah	3	
hath	full	to	
8	13	2	
dedicated	sent	
the	twenty	
to	]	.	
the	,	
me	them	[	
.	thy	between	
shed	they	which	
on	,	for	
,	.	
.	,	
and	the	for	
form	words	dew	
the	them	witness	
and	behold	13	
the	thee	
[	flourish	.	
is	are	that	
a	summer	you	
pelonite	paltite	
;	:	,	
and	on	upon	
them	the	
to	.	
removed	had	took	
a	the	fine	
him	thy	it	
with	,	.	
them	into	
the	my	them	
down	
.	prosper	
and	,	unto	
thee	him	.	
the	a	
all	my	the	
and	,	
face	lord	
;	:	
,	.	
the	them	up	
,	lamentation	
also	now	that	
,	
of	devils	
,	and	
[	the	kadmiel	
not	defile	make	
the	,	thy	
destruction	of	
of	without	,	
,	to	
thy	
hither	after	hereunto	
son	sixth	
garments	,	
of	iron	he	
unto	for	before	
words	tidings	
to	in	
the	built	took	
fight	liveth	strive	
off	
a	you	out	
i	and	[	
my	with	
murmurings	words	
[	]	
putting	,	her	
.	,	
upon	down	
of	toward	was	
part	tidings	healing	
him	you	
,	between	
are	upon	
remaining	inheritance	
by	,	
time	glory	child	
to	the	were	
iniquity	down	are	
a	given	
kingdom	house	work	
in	also	
10	29	6	
themselves	,	?	
our	
of	,	
sister	
of	:	?	
woe	4	16	
his	[	
offered	have	would	
it	all	
hath	is	.	
break	flow	melt	
not	:	,	
to	in	
them	thunder	
of	
being	joy	request	
the	knowledge	
and	
as	that	shall	
[	there	revealeth	
them	to	
unto	to	
is	:	in	
,	
.	that	
toward	repaired	by	
these	[	
in	
unto	to	
,	he	
[	his	it	
the	his	ramothgilead	
smite	aliens	eat	
the	his	forth	
,	be	
still	mattithiah	speechless	
and	saying	shechem	
also	unto	to	
the	me	
reins	minds	in	
of	
[	upon	;	
in	took	,	
forth	
and	so	she	
24	4	7	
the	
wages	heir	longer	
be	israel	us	
their	[	for	
.	and	
them	for	
mischief	wicked	
many	the	you	
the	three	
and	zeboim	
;	and	
ilai	28	of	
:	,	which	
a	upon	
homeborn	woman	man	
,	:	
:	,	.	
sons	cities	
9	8	53	
ashes	purpose	barley	
i	saith	that	
the	
.	,	
[	of	
the	his	
.	come	
the	love	
beside	this	two	
11	32	so	
,	
fallen	afraid	come	
perfect	great	day	
the	as	.	
remembrance	[	success	
the	paul	
the	within	out	
throne	pavilion	bounty	
prophetess	strong	place	
over	
face	
a	also	:	
me	us	
not	all	the	
shall	
the	
,	;	
[	
the	[	all	
be	shall	in	
10	2	14	
;	?	one	
in	
;	:	.	
he	
all	lowing	[	
is	but	
.	
.	,	
and	there	if	
the	him	us	
the	through	
of	seed	man	
of	
:	,	in	
and	sarai	putting	
you	thee	him	
saying	[	the	
33	8	genesis	
8	4	66	
crete	the	ships	
,	.	
[	
servant	soul	
ten	face	
mercy	like	an	
him	them	
the	their	
son	sister	
anointed	]	at	
10	30	17	
neighbour	palaces	people	
anger	derision	our	
,	which	
:	,	wherein	
known	blastus	peace	
on	,	in	
.	:	
in	to	
and	
from	,	
,	:	
the	me	
for	and	
his	her	
children	members	more	
4	5	
disciples	
:	walked	.	
,	only	
.	,	
face	
,	
as	,	.	
god	the	
a	these	unto	
,	:	
against	,	
down	;	into	
an	some	jesus	
11	10	39	
him	me	
dinah	their	
in	,	.	
his	
all	thee	
with	:	upon	
charged	
his	
out	thee	
a	it	.	
!	among	in	
begotten	
that	incense	.	
a	,	
butter	the	milk	
,	of	
commanded	made	promised	
me	[	her	
,	in	
;	?	
them	the	that	
of	with	at	
before	with	.	
be	
his	the	
of	
and	9	after	
,	
a	seven	him	
all	the	thy	
[	was	;	
toward	by	shall	
not	there	under	
of	,	yet	
appealed	done	suffered	
fire	a	.	
come	but	
of	
a	]	war	
;	,	spoil	
there	
the	against	her	
the	an	
so	is	was	
of	and	
the	thee	
therefore	,	in	
well	treacherously	
will	believe	shall	
go	their	12	
.	,	
;	,	in	
the	them	,	
men	chariots	
life	
and	10	but	
31	38	41	
unto	;	
why	but	that	
not	the	higher	
,	.	
and	withered	
places	looks	
and	44	
my	him	?	
body	,	
33	go	16	
a	us	thereupon	
,	.	
eaten	more	
brought	obeyed	not	
to	before	
.	,	
25	yet	10	
lamps	counsellors	
[	the	
and	all	unto	
you	strange	in	
on	the	.	
,	unto	.	
,	among	
his	back	fast	
are	shall	
the	himself	lot	
not	dead	girded	
]	,	.	
the	
them	the	
the	five	one	
[	:	from	
the	
1	18	5	
brethren	garments	cattle	
[	;	
with	still	
[	occasions	
the	
speed	raised	
being	for	in	
the	tail	beard	
cry	
]	,	thy	
the	
thyself	my	thy	
and	they	
not	
forbear	it	that	
which	,	
was	
and	he	
from	,	in	
upon	thereon	
among	thee	out	
sceptre	seven	
and	,	at	
live	hearken	more	
shall	is	
is	that	
me	ar	with	
and	which	
[	the	any	
,	.	
12	2	17	
3	35	6	
you	
over	
eyes	manners	understanding	
and	,	
not	their	
,	into	
[	which	before	
uriah	,	for	
thee	with	them	
pharaoh	him	
:	,	nor	
twelve	him	in	
the	
,	against	.	
,	:	
thee	it	,	
his	beasts	
you	from	between	
of	
heaviness	pain	joy	
thy	his	
that	,	.	
the	peter	
were	was	shall	
from	,	in	
,	[	
desire	
the	seen	
from	for	
not	
of	the	that	
all	every	
in	for	
an	horse	
,	unto	
of	her	in	
up	
them	
,	
thee	gold	
and	26	
sayings	voice	word	
,	.	
down	with	
the	
19	15	17	
.	micaiah	
son	third	skin	
together	himself	
destroyed	
and	)	so	
her	words	
of	;	thereof	
yea	what	neither	
,	;	
shall	.	
his	her	
:	.	out	
them	thee	all	
bind	findeth	loved	
[	
thou	
[	:	
delight	brother	servants	
of	,	.	
all	these	
nothing	respect	authority	
me	them	us	
the	god	
to	,	.	
as	,	in	
without	his	.	
may	might	hear	
cried	rejoiced	
;	,	.	
11	13	14	
agagite	
of	
the	thine	thy	
to	,	shall	
that	of	
spread	set	come	
to	them	
lies	the	every	
wherewith	,	
[	ladies	
lest	or	for	
,	to	
himself	
not	made	utterly	
unto	
;	into	have	
.	,	
in	naked	
met	sent	
oil	
him	
which	[	
[	his	israel	
sought	laid	done	
,	
,	
of	round	many	
men	
and	of	28	
them	the	
child	hurt	people	
me	us	
among	on	
[	son	
a	abroad	it	
[	came	
he	any	by	
the	a	
thee	himself	the	
and	
anger	disciples	son	
a	mischief	,	
the	
therein	,	in	
the	themselves	mine	
me	thee	
me	the	us	
grown	given	fallen	
his	
and	:	with	
which	
and	revelation	27	
more	
stones	and	
me	god	thy	
?	against	,	
destroyed	
,	
.	,	
before	,	
and	brought	
these	within	,	
on	upon	
me	the	him	
all	take	which	
looked	prayed	will	
:	,	
to	the	against	
thou	
is	breadth	
night	day	
you	,	?	
his	
?	thy	that	
,	to	
and	
10	when	for	
for	make	
and	leave	
:	,	.	
[	himself	him	
the	innocent	
head	sword	raiment	
hair	time	
the	every	
themselves	it	
the	his	wisdom	
the	off	[	
19	13	
to	cometh	is	
destroyed	separated	made	
her	them	
life	own	father	
become	:	called	
an	
me	you	
him	,	
upon	
of	in	
the	
[	unto	
ever	
image	
glory	power	
.	
conversation	
the	him	
many	.	
the	[	
and	for	
off	
the	
spears	lamps	
:	,	
males	men	
any	against	
for	
:	in	
into	
me	it	
hands	
not	nothing	
many	on	
of	[	
the	jerusalem	
is	in	
,	
known	
me	counsel	
:	toward	
;	:	
and	methuselah	
not	the	
may	terrify	
the	him	
strength	
:	in	
yet	
the	,	
israel	;	
in	
feasts	
19	3	
against	
the	
come	,	
hotly	provided	
suffered	spake	
for	
upon	
,	.	
and	about	
me	
me	among	
,	between	
thou	
broken	are	
against	.	
of	[	
fathers	fruit	
,	
shall	
plant	fruits	
we	
brought	[	
with	,	
boards	
,	
our	us	
the	men	
many	we	
the	them	
them	out	
not	away	
the	
and	,	
kings	away	
the	[	
also	,	
was	
;	,	
among	was	
apostles	israel	
a	the	
to	?	
pillars	birds	
and	is	
brought	shall	
every	with	
the	together	
done	testimony	
my	,	
destroyed	
the	
shall	
of	in	
thyself	her	
as	in	
unto	
hateth	:	
forth	blood	
thee	that	
depart	come	
[	,	
of	
and	among	
life	
sound	
,	
me	them	
[	it	
from	
brake	in	
sabbaths	
the	her	
;	,	
house	
and	first	
,	
as	
and	that	
him	
the	
garment	breeches	
particularly	unto	
because	have	
removed	joyful	
deuteronmy	6	
the	his	
fire	shall	
the	
,	.	
son	
many	before	
a	her	
evil	that	
up	
;	against	
ye	nor	
.	
the	
,	in	
went	
me	such	
,	in	
kings	
of	
their	his	
out	in	
the	my	
the	
mercy	it	
his	that	
him	unto	
to	
his	two	
sayings	
,	in	
[	,	
him	jesus	
[	.	
to	
feet	men	
the	
a	with	
;	him	
,	
out	
their	judah	
and	lightly	
shined	shall	
with	
,	
,	.	
the	it	
[	unto	
with	,	
and	6	
the	
because	for	
his	
not	to	
is	shall	
[	like	
.	
at	.	
pillars	green	
[	
.	
things	
my	
purple	the	
9	and	
,	
our	the	
[	
thee	abraham	
tremble	bow	
the	time	
the	
of	
,	in	
,	
me	thee	
of	?	
[	the	
;	
for	under	
from	,	
me	it	
,	
part	wisdom	
.	shall	
to	the	
forth	captivity	
;	,	
like	
their	other	
sick	filled	
be	wife	
seer	
me	us	
i	what	
can	
me	
jeduthun	
to	him	
the	them	
words	
[	that	
from	.	
and	eat	
the	thy	
of	the	
:	before	
me	the	
thou	for	
them	
their	every	
the	
and	as	
it	an	
them	all	
[	the	
more	
me	mine	
come	.	
my	against	
[	unto	
saying	to	
,	for	
.	
,	.	
the	astonishment	
and	so	
i	ye	
believed	then	
of	
life	
rose	[	
saw	,	
of	
8	behold	
me	
before	in	
go	the	
love	lay	
my	us	
them	zeresh	
of	
to	,	
[	
for	in	
coats	daughters	
thirst	
philetus	alexander	
the	:	
disciple	he	
me	
them	thee	
the	15	
in	before	
taken	
,	
moreover	unto	
,	
the	them	
them	
ones	rivers	
her	
things	vineyards	
ago	
me	in	
the	
of	him	
shalt	
against	.	
unto	
with	
to	shall	
bowmen	mules	
perform	be	
again	
all	,	
such	things	
;	:	
of	
thou	i	
the	your	
.	
you	
23	16	
remain	the	
and	
[	thee	
the	part	
be	
all	thine	
:	for	
about	
many	much	
me	
:	round	
down	
the	them	
this	the	
to	
thither	
of	,	
the	with	
himself	come	
money	in	
not	
and	because	
[	have	
provoked	done	
,	him	
enter	
the	
thus	thy	
55	53	
of	,	
over	:	
within	are	
the	
meat	besides	
his	topheth	
[	shall	
there	
taken	
by	
god	the	
go	utter	
i	than	
the	
.	
to	
;	,	
and	displeasure	
[	from	
with	no	
,	
[	him	
to	
,	?	
,	shall	
the	
is	them	
every	he	
to	
of	our	
the	
thousand	parts	
blessed	?	
his	
14	
,	.	
among	those	
the	thee	
:	by	
better	great	
unto	.	
,	that	
violently	
sippai	saph	
people	cattle	
multitudes	,	
taken	overwhelmed	
and	in	
thou	[	
mouths	hoofs	
;	them	
do	hear	
that	
fever	thief	
day	
kill	seek	
.	
and	strengthen	
great	he	
unto	
and	that	
in	
in	.	
:	
:	
:	
and	because	
me	the	
you	fenced	
enemy	hand	
in	
[	that	
me	you	
two	
away	us	
a	[	
majesty	greatness	
enter	
gazez	lot	
mine	us	
to	the	
heart	face	
27	17	
to	my	
is	
with	
the	her	
my	thy	
the	
off	
continual	sorrow	
in	left	
himself	his	
also	things	
for	that	
7	16	
not	multiplied	
found	granted	
;	.	
your	
19	fear	
high	[	
,	.	
,	seeketh	
and	,	
in	
saying	that	
maaseiah	eliezer	
me	all	
the	my	
,	?	
revolted	corrupted	
wrath	power	
of	[	
the	,	
their	:	
.	
in	shall	
upon	.	
and	that	
see	help	
false	
the	
the	
and	what	
them	manifest	
28	4	
from	.	
both	live	
over	
able	subject	
are	shall	
and	i	
went	cured	
thee	him	
and	your	
that	.	
12	nay	
,	.	
and	
upon	incense	
males	priests	
gotten	purchased	
their	,	
to	unto	
slain	stayed	
not	no	
the	
the	your	
the	thy	
the	his	
layeth	wrote	
the	
,	in	
and	gave	
[	
his	
the	
22	6	
me	vessels	
lie	seek	
all	men	
25	from	
on	:	
forgive	
:	ten	
make	establish	
the	his	
thee	thy	
a	
heart	
:	,	
,	
thy	
to	through	
?	
depart	for	
to	.	
things	
you	yonder	
;	,	
even	was	
:	.	
,	against	
seed	
on	him	
himself	an	
his	against	
the	my	
of	.	
till	for	
a	,	
,	
neighbour	sister	
is	waited	
them	in	
son	
all	
a	
voice	
the	
to	,	
joseph	unto	
prophetess	
through	
the	those	
the	
my	it	
throughout	every	
the	
his	him	
the	
]	together	
a	eternal	
,	
[	it	
which	.	
among	with	
brother	son	
his	
this	all	
the	zorah	
the	my	
to	him	
sons	faces	
egyptian	
it	
me	us	
[	spoiling	
over	
him	
[	jesus	
me	him	
mordecai	that	
all	
for	
with	
the	
:	
their	,	
the	[	
on	:	
to	
;	,	
go	come	
be	
upon	,	
the	him	
who	with	
many	them	
day	
his	my	
all	the	
all	,	
the	good	
.	
[	which	
on	,	
8	20	
and	3	
with	by	
eyes	counsel	
28	29	
.	out	
his	thereupon	
,	
to	from	
,	
behold	16	
8	26	
them	hold	
[	had	
to	
golden	crown	
40	23	
;	:	
:	,	
sharp	his	
hope	an	
a	obeyed	
the	moab	
,	abroad	
jacob	abraham	
i	shall	
!	,	
with	.	
5	50	
will	of	
;	.	
months	
:	,	
seven	hoofs	
also	,	
jesus	
,	
it	grasshoppers	
10	look	
;	,	
the	his	
unto	
to	over	
and	
?	.	
24	28	
cush	
there	ten	
the	according	
asses	goats	
on	into	
them	thy	
this	it	
god	my	
,	
in	
land	backsliding	
the	long	
;	that	
,	
my	
shuni	the	
mercy	
great	the	
thee	the	
,	?	
peace	
are	shall	
out	
,	
cattle	
on	by	
them	us	
:	,	
,	for	
them	him	
[	
seeth	see	
a	out	
me	
;	:	
13	3	
dead	highly	
the	his	
all	any	
hast	wouldest	
and	in	
thee	us	
innocent	.	
this	his	
,	shall	
3	they	
of	
;	.	
of	unto	
to	
gloriously	
12	15	
see	hear	
be	
them	the	
and	.	
upon	him	
unto	
so	,	
to	.	
to	
no	rebellion	
have	.	
[	art	
and	
all	them	
them	all	
]	
and	unto	
to	
it	
much	saw	
thee	the	
the	strength	
this	to	
tables	
[	son	
,	rent	
looked	have	
his	pharaoh	
55	57	
israel	
,	in	
a	her	
them	the	
the	my	
,	.	
[	let	
unto	
,	in	
to	upon	
thee	the	
you	
to	together	
nothing	.	
thou	unto	
11	43	
in	
them	alive	
:	,	
to	there	
and	the	
be	,	
the	
virgins	men	
[	ram	
and	whom	
,	in	
this	the	
;	
them	peter	
dwelt	patience	
at	but	
a	the	
how	that	
to	:	
me	
sickle	bow	
,	child	
that	
24	for	
to	the	
and	,	
not	his	
for	but	
them	thee	
i	for	
of	unto	
hasteth	,	
ghost	:	
over	slowly	
their	the	
;	,	
of	
what	
,	.	
his	him	
,	
over	.	
even	21	
fast	.	
thousand	sons	
the	
me	it	
[	,	
on	in	
in	
full	,	
[	the	
the	his	
over	,	
day	,	
,	
on	is	
things	
yoke	
for	
sick	man	
and	for	
together	
him	.	
from	every	
stars	times	
:	,	
mine	
19	3	
confidence	seal	
her	
[	what	
his	
54	52	
fire	the	
by	
13	17	
)	20	
from	
undergirding	governments	
chamber	lip	
come	,	
with	.	
him	
him	,	
,	in	
a	apt	
thy	
go	help	
not	to	
,	
yet	against	
angels	prayer	
keeper	that	
that	
days	times	
and	
his	it	
[	
.	
before	
to	,	
,	
their	daniel	
to	him	
from	,	
destroy	
the	that	
against	
me	saul	
him	
isaac	you	
thy	
here	
hundred	daughters	
and	
would	
the	his	
[	
;	other	
bars	beginning	
,	
heard	trespassed	
the	.	
do	beware	
deeply	,	
he	
18	numbers	
not	
the	ye	
the	
thee	
and	set	
[	every	
;	that	
the	in	
up	
him	up	
;	until	
as	
my	us	
of	
the	my	
?	
and	
be	
stopped	opened	
the	
this	thy	
gathered	but	
the	us	
not	be	
]	descent	
tongue	peace	
5	4	
you	it	
him	
and	thousand	
scum	men	
as	,	
18	2	
and	said	
the	
after	for	
the	
as	shall	
not	to	
thee	upon	
being	did	
they	
unjustly	with	
servant	son	
the	him	
this	his	
and	[	
the	[	
whom	[	
israel	[	
from	in	
prophet	
of	,	
,	
where	sickness	
of	
mercies	
of	.	
perished	lost	
or	until	
thy	
over	in	
the	
force	face	
anathoth	an	
,	?	
,	.	
the	heaven	
with	
them	out	
poor	unfruitful	
shalt	
to	unto	
is	.	
them	
.	
word	escape	
and	forty	
the	signs	
and	which	
spot	witness	
and	spare	
his	it	
saith	faith	
,	.	
on	
of	
to	against	
;	,	
favour	whore	
also	,	
thy	
his	
the	
this	,	
clouds	
the	none	
their	every	
his	cyrus	
my	
themselves	.	
;	,	
wrote	have	
outlandish	david	
and	
thou	
,	
uncle	
they	
the	
[	
,	that	
brought	
heart	land	
him	
may	[	
the	[	
a	and	
and	[	
about	him	
head	
of	
[	the	
all	
the	upon	
.	in	
,	shall	
himself	
:	.	
a	an	
the	thy	
newly	spit	
12	16	
,	are	
unto	
against	
is	:	
i	not	
me	you	
24	the	
ye	
they	
the	his	
will	shall	
desolate	
withstood	offended	
unto	shall	
the	them	
the	
[	,	
of	
[	shall	
messengers	
to	
the	undefiled	
and	nor	
and	16	
their	flesh	
whatsoever	though	
also	him	
18	14	
thee	with	
the	within	
,	against	
me	:	
,	
,	
them	for	
,	that	
and	[	
[	
the	he	
;	.	
a	
it	
,	
bonnets	breeches	
them	out	
satisfy	;	
and	the	
the	that	
the	his	
into	came	
knowledge	.	
a	flint	
three	two	
therefore	they	
8	[	
gathered	likened	
the	thee	
sorrow	
the	
displeased	
the	,	
damascus	.	
upon	before	
and	
;	
and	with	
to	:	
and	
already	with	
,	.	
israel	
,	
of	
,	
the	
his	
themselves	
the	him	
me	
and	because	
god	genesis	
is	said	
,	unto	
thereunto	for	
mine	morning	
the	himself	
,	?	
jehiel	bukkiah	
understand	they	
the	
among	[	
and	no	
wag	gnash	
,	
as	was	
my	true	
perfectly	than	
as	for	
and	so	
here	that	
resurrection	quietly	
and	that	
thousand	cities	
.	
the	
11	19	
then	32	
on	's	
sake	
wherefore	therefore	
me	us	
the	
,	in	
and	as	
put	that	
the	david	
the	
.	
the	21	
,	.	
and	
and	themselves	
things	
me	sedition	
,	
may	was	
,	
voice	out	
with	,	
11	how	
in	
thee	
a	and	
[	,	
his	jeiel	
;	thee	
broken	stroke	
every	
to	,	
me	
,	or	
our	us	
him	
of	,	
and	that	
according	.	
;	:	
by	
dead	
;	:	
as	,	
and	34	
a	them	
,	.	
be	with	
the	his	
trembled	rejoiceth	
be	he	
,	
and	.	
,	
water	an	
the	himself	
these	the	
,	in	
no	
me	the	
:	in	
thirty	35	
written	was	
whither	.	
all	
the	no	
.	
his	
,	
even	till	
be	.	
every	
also	,	
[	
king	
jair	there	
:	.	
humbled	overcharged	
sore	
him	us	
and	
to	against	
19	18	
in	
and	sweet	
a	
knowest	
,	
will	call	
:	,	
26	elika	
thy	
30	15	
come	sweep	
to	also	
[	.	
to	as	
:	in	
the	
at	.	
8	the	
the	
the	with	
i	
all	
be	believe	
13	6	
thee	them	
behind	by	
's	
down	out	
put	the	
down	
for	
be	
and	
:	shall	
their	the	
his	thy	
of	.	
heart	eyes	
toward	unto	
up	
treasure	people	
loruhamah	him	
him	
himself	,	
thee	themselves	
at	.	
,	
whence	the	
and	not	
;	,	
a	]	
;	
perverseness	no	
a	the	
and	
[	
;	:	
:	,	
to	.	
till	;	
you	one	
go	bring	
:	.	
us	
the	meat	
[	with	
dwelt	consumed	
the	pharaoh	
,	.	
the	dwelleth	
,	
:	.	
,	
be	,	
went	was	
against	unto	
take	abide	
over	in	
the	
,	came	
of	righteousness	
this	for	
in	that	
hundred	fingers	
david	
and	
[	
,	
all	was	
a	playing	
through	
be	perish	
,	
of	the	
i	been	
it	that	
the	from	
to	
:	,	
all	sea	
be	is	
and	he	
they	.	
[	for	
spiritual	
with	,	
,	
might	,	
in	
[	he	
the	
[	part	
thine	my	
[	the	
[	with	
them	unto	
kinswomen	,	
have	
and	
brought	in	
conversation	loins	
a	things	
proverbs	13	
.	
the	
from	,	
chief	shield	
also	to	
[	
[	.	
did	,	
them	the	
out	
and	
up	
every	.	
earth	grass	
hand	
the	
to	
.	
full	defiled	
the	
thee	the	
the	with	
king	
the	his	
30	14	
again	,	
will	told	
,	
[	,	
to	;	
;	,	
:	from	
as	because	
there	from	
judged	wakened	
:	he	
of	him	
3	because	
shall	
exceeding	been	
,	
,	
[	him	
me	
any	
shall	.	
to	in	
from	which	
,	.	
till	
iron	
.	shall	
work	shall	
you	
[	
,	by	
,	
like	drew	
the	
them	
:	,	
with	,	
's	,	
by	or	
on	thereon	
to	his	
brought	the	
be	speak	
in	.	
what	was	
[	that	
finger	hand	
me	them	
had	stopped	
all	them	
pillars	servants	
lies	,	
;	unto	
:	?	
her	offer	
conceived	no	
convinced	oppressed	
words	
,	which	
then	he	
i	and	
the	
manner	that	
up	him	
from	up	
50	49	
their	my	
glad	sick	
;	or	
me	
me	
,	
;	
the	
of	
.	
.	
the	
by	
them	
and	
are	
afar	
their	
enquired	
,	
,	
;	
,	
and	
wherefore	
to	
up	
[	
or	
his	
that	
to	
to	
;	
times	
[	
to	
40	
the	
6	
years	
4	
,	
restored	
the	
their	
,	
,	
understanding	
.	
call	
earth	
horses	
forgive	
in	
,	
thy	
fall	
.	
and	
them	
my	
not	
iniquity	
him	
should	
enemies	
the	
even	
acts	
;	
not	
afflicted	
protest	
manner	
fled	
:	
the	
these	
,	
spot	
a	
more	
son	
all	
and	
.	
that	
your	
for	
.	
wish	
nor	
,	
of	
he	
ashima	
[	
from	
dead	
.	
,	
entreateth	
16	
?	
thing	
about	
so	
and	
24	
.	
among	
,	
mattenai	
her	
them	
,	
his	
.	
.	
a	
,	
to	
principalities	
good	
with	
her	
'	
voice	
round	
sickness	
?	
him	
greatest	
shall	
stood	
the	
of	
[	
.	
the	
,	
he	
shall	
his	
their	
of	
,	
the	
lost	
with	
out	
to	
is	
thereof	
there	
from	
the	
heaps	
god	
.	
on	
,	
upon	
,	
and	
thy	
the	
as	
themselves	
the	
the	
wives	
[	
and	
rods	
him	
ever	
to	
the	
her	
by	
,	
they	
of	
and	
2	
brethren	
at	
and	
you	
[	
god	
abroad	
us	
fire	
oversee	
the	
by	
japhlet	
,	
my	
,	
is	
and	
the	
no	
an	
themselves	
give	
and	
among	
you	
[	
,	
by	
have	
to	
3	
thine	
,	
,	
[	
been	
them	
,	
continually	
preached	
one	
sent	
the	
,	
[	
dead	
,	
them	
within	
[	
off	
the	
the	
horses	
is	
things	
into	
upon	
sun	
uphold	
moons	
to	
cast	
after	
from	
,	
]	
.	
to	
not	
:	
against	
her	
reproach	
to	
,	
father	
and	
his	
jesse	
of	
.	
who	
the	
delivered	
himself	
for	
flesh	
them	
the	
the	
53	
the	
as	
in	
.	
hamul	
you	
for	
and	
my	
compass	
after	
[	
]	
it	
was	
altar	
them	
at	
that	
like	
the	
down	
flock	
very	
that	
to	
not	
,	
nation	
,	
,	
there	
the	
of	
[	
thee	
.	
.	
thee	
witness	
and	
ability	
,	
the	
gifts	
and	
:	
with	
,	
,	
thy	
how	
31	
5	
begat	
me	
the	
,	
are	
it	
in	
like	
?	
them	
21	
i	
themselves	
sake	
;	
part	
for	
the	
with	
,	
other	
within	
,	
mouth	
heaven	
himself	
the	
in	
take	
after	
the	
to	
[	
the	
thee	
with	
.	
:	
;	
who	
,	
bread	
:	
thy	
,	
to	
in	
they	
the	
,	
up	
in	
another	
barley	
come	
his	
drunken	
15	
unto	
to	
moreover	
,	
:	
again	
up	
fall	
the	
part	
them	
them	
we	
zophah	
shepham	
hold	
and	
2	
to	
that	
life	
and	
unto	
and	
brother	
he	
,	
and	
beneath	
the	
unto	
neither	
for	
on	
of	
to	
my	
,	
to	
the	
:	
from	
in	
face	
[	
the	
the	
seven	
his	
not	
eaten	
?	
the	
me	
friends	
out	
should	
;	
deeds	
man	
the	
14	
shall	
:	
the	
against	
nigh	
:	
that	
ordained	
unto	
the	
[	
power	
the	
gift	
of	
caleb	
like	
shall	
sons	
horse	
kinsman	
the	
.	
of	
cast	
,	
flesh	
my	
any	
sidonians	
in	
wisely	
go	
them	
for	
up	
.	
matter	
,	
and	
great	
images	
behold	
,	
what	
firstborn	
in	
the	
affliction	
in	
instead	
believeth	
pileha	
of	
.	
,	
soul	
[	
and	
me	
themselves	
.	
the	
embrace	
away	
:	
the	
the	
is	
and	
sinned	
and	
and	
thou	
praise	
perished	
the	
himself	
16	
his	
thou	
[	
;	
my	
]	
bribes	
engedi	
were	
and	
thy	
seth	
?	
all	
[	
sons	
with	
[	
,	
son	
in	
their	
and	
,	
,	
off	
by	
at	
of	
them	
remaineth	
ordinances	
have	
,	
12	
and	
and	
an	
,	
gloriously	
for	
himself	
10	
dwelt	
if	
baasha	
,	
a	
;	
the	
,	
of	
1	
very	
officers	
:	
of	
and	
him	
did	
into	
by	
,	
[	
me	
enough	
in	
.	
hundred	
balances	
reproof	
him	
[	
,	
a	
to	
was	
heard	
from	
nought	
dedicated	
up	
[	
the	
?	
his	
father	
the	
and	
,	
and	
;	
and	
to	
are	
of	
.	
lust	
of	
19	
refreshed	
there	
who	
the	
the	
mind	
like	
.	
,	
[	
not	
;	
be	
fast	
:	
between	
their	
and	
the	
your	
we	
,	
,	
3	
best	
!	
with	
sore	
11	
and	
netophathite	
the	
manifold	
any	
was	
:	
the	
a	
from	
mercy	
my	
peace	
is	
.	
1	
on	
:	
thou	
.	
shall	
the	
heard	
figs	
thee	
14	
justly	
,	
unto	
a	
no	
his	
compass	
sennacherib	
shall	
sons	
the	
28	
.	
by	
with	
thy	
,	
[	
themselves	
,	
man	
him	
from	
lambs	
thousand	
treasure	
.	
a	
:	
up	
jerusalem	
]	
shall	
:	
ye	
his	
shall	
[	
arphad	
the	
and	
whether	
for	
father	
all	
to	
,	
[	
her	
against	
before	
;	
in	
with	
them	
of	
you	
evil	
a	
from	
,	
carmelite	
;	
over	
his	
my	
perfect	
even	
eyes	
?	
out	
not	
the	
all	
,	
age	
1	
,	
built	
,	
work	
.	
to	
to	
up	
be	
.	
,	
all	
plenty	
gather	
24	
stone	
up	
him	
;	
and	
rose	
the	
,	
himself	
with	
herbs	
him	
counselled	
kindness	
the	
me	
against	
after	
grief	
together	
two	
:	
unto	
him	
,	
him	
for	
come	
they	
his	
,	
.	
with	
3	
the	
9	
48	
been	
but	
to	
them	
and	
for	
me	
the	
:	
.	
[	
of	
it	
[	
,	
that	
arpad	
and	
,	
her	
rejected	
up	
vow	
are	
,	
of	
unto	
it	
without	
and	
,	
grape	
and	
also	
in	
.	
,	
.	
up	
end	
shall	
hath	
the	
against	
so	
of	
,	
of	
:	
and	
multiply	
the	
of	
at	
him	
this	
were	
he	
and	
in	
is	
in	
round	
more	
me	
.	
them	
out	
recompence	
thy	
and	
all	
17	
heard	
thousand	
me	
[	
exalted	
thy	
pass	
,	
to	
full	
the	
the	
him	
,	
this	
to	
judgment	
long	
judgment	
them	
my	
[	
thee	
be	
cyprus	
of	
shall	
chariots	
keeper	
me	
on	
the	
,	
7	
stand	
of	
to	
abomination	
live	
into	
me	
,	
of	
to	
that	
poor	
still	
,	
praise	
of	
that	
good	
[	
to	
that	
not	
dead	
horses	
no	
it	
her	
be	
before	
11	
isaiah	
out	
!	
east	
1	
for	
left	
attained	
proved	
[	
,	
life	
his	
up	
.	
[	
god	
of	
it	
;	
after	
those	
that	
,	
son	
,	
himself	
with	
,	
this	
trees	
,	
sobriety	
to	
govern	
,	
.	
not	
18	
the	
;	
himself	
seed	
and	
his	
,	
abram	
i	
more	
with	
of	
2	
over	
of	
with	
and	
blackness	
the	
:	
catcheth	
the	
king	
down	
among	
in	
to	
knives	
for	
with	
the	
thee	
,	
pharaoh	
about	
:	
nor	
whole	
pieces	
they	
the	
offerings	
nigh	
baara	
calve	
shall	
and	
the	
at	
together	
away	
faith	
fathers	
smooth	
,	
the	
on	
the	
,	
,	
the	
god	
because	
to	
rows	
!	
3	
mine	
15	
months	
or	
death	
his	
not	
thorns	
them	
,	
the	
maaseiah	
let	
5	
[	
or	
,	
,	
forth	
are	
daily	
upon	
[	
the	
this	
exalted	
,	
ears	
[	
and	
solomon	
:	
this	
.	
,	
nebo	
that	
shame	
hard	
foot	
infirmities	
son	
ye	
ye	
in	
grace	
made	
16	
.	
the	
.	
not	
that	
holy	
deal	
of	
a	
:	
[	
unto	
,	
with	
his	
safely	
of	
god	
in	
his	
there	
and	
another	
place	
to	
from	
by	
and	
:	
because	
azzur	
their	
thereof	
out	
not	
many	
19	
on	
;	
man	
the	
him	
house	
i	
and	
god	
zechariah	
have	
himself	
.	
children	
her	
a	
i	
it	
foretold	
the	
.	
lawfully	
the	
unto	
for	
words	
of	
of	
he	
effected	
,	
,	
out	
all	
content	
her	
thy	
harps	
punished	
for	
;	
gold	
.	
to	
above	
their	
visited	
nigh	
all	
thousand	
it	
to	
himself	
and	
not	
,	
[	
to	
;	
the	
,	
unto	
into	
,	
against	
might	
thou	
those	
money	
they	
thee	
masters	
?	
sitting	
my	
,	
's	
enemies	
i	
what	
iniquity	
slave	
not	
.	
i	
,	
thy	
but	
they	
shall	
us	
a	
unto	
of	
greedily	
jesus	
the	
the	
and	
and	
my	
.	
,	
a	
is	
people	
the	
that	
,	
.	
was	
a	
wife	
hand	
of	
.	
not	
and	
,	
came	
,	
my	
on	
,	
with	
against	
naked	
,	
smitten	
a	
yourselves	
covered	
are	
might	
they	
the	
pirathonite	
wilt	
thereto	
,	
:	
jesus	
:	
.	
forth	
i	
thirst	
,	
thy	
in	
on	
from	
with	
judged	
[	
,	
men	
against	
into	
?	
the	
double	
and	
gaius	
forgave	
and	
pride	
that	
,	
.	
that	
themselves	
by	
.	
spirit	
high	
he	
on	
again	
him	
31	
this	
[	
against	
cities	
;	
out	
him	
but	
at	
herself	
.	
,	
the	
in	
:	
.	
his	
and	
her	
2	
not	
a	
and	
of	
showers	
are	
the	
the	
mine	
,	
the	
,	
[	
.	
yea	
them	
the	
their	
city	
him	
in	
of	
shewed	
carmelite	
,	
.	
his	
my	
had	
the	
it	
,	
not	
and	
fields	
,	
men	
the	
things	
,	
the	
the	
ought	
upon	
be	
in	
syrians	
,	
;	
[	
comfortably	
for	
the	
all	
the	
from	
upon	
his	
and	
,	
followed	
lord	
and	
not	
great	
;	
thousand	
was	
this	
4	
a	
,	
any	
under	
;	
under	
hand	
i	
,	
father	
the	
:	
melt	
till	
,	
five	
king	
6	
thee	
waste	
among	
by	
[	
the	
in	
we	
out	
be	
in	
dry	
and	
according	
upon	
in	
no	
.	
do	
fetters	
a	
after	
husbands	
,	
6	
face	
[	
of	
up	
the	
the	
the	
him	
of	
be	
the	
men	
unto	
in	
he	
,	
unto	
,	
them	
?	
the	
thee	
when	
great	
under	
,	
perverseness	
laid	
,	
himself	
are	
:	
and	
a	
country	
of	
called	
:	
for	
's	
i	
:	
heart	
,	
8	
shall	
unto	
season	
cities	
wherein	
him	
with	
in	
the	
the	
.	
1	
in	
to	
hast	
was	
.	
he	
my	
naaman	
and	
number	
ever	
of	
,	
him	
god	
and	
?	
[	
not	
:	
by	
his	
.	
.	
and	
found	
his	
also	
as	
,	
soul	
tidings	
1	
;	
1	
thy	
cedar	
and	
to	
1	
the	
[	
son	
's	
upon	
him	
his	
in	
fast	
prepared	
himself	
before	
sticks	
this	
no	
against	
and	
!	
,	
shot	
provoked	
with	
me	
up	
in	
shall	
them	
away	
them	
husband	
her	
.	
the	
increaseth	
in	
my	
from	
loss	
he	
fire	
3	
of	
son	
bethzur	
out	
,	
[	
stones	
is	
him	
[	
,	
bethelite	
a	
[	
cast	
;	
,	
it	
i	
of	
paul	
he	
silence	
short	
ye	
her	
your	
that	
,	
the	
.	
,	
,	
is	
and	
[	
a	
to	
my	
the	
their	
in	
be	
be	
33	
had	
?	
.	
snare	
little	
therefore	
,	
this	
brother	
received	
committed	
down	
the	
;	
.	
forth	
,	
organ	
grieved	
and	
also	
son	
a	
24	
a	
and	
unoccupied	
with	
in	
,	
to	
,	
of	
the	
unto	
son	
,	
before	
17	
adultery	
of	
[	
off	
voice	
,	
his	
[	
the	
a	
and	
,	
the	
the	
.	
the	
them	
two	
unto	
.	
for	
him	
the	
the	
to	
.	
[	
in	
in	
lying	
,	
upon	
without	
,	
shall	
against	
his	
words	
days	
tabernacles	
him	
her	
[	
not	
.	
that	
know	
no	
that	
5	
.	
,	
us	
by	
upon	
in	
on	
his	
offered	
charity	
[	
open	
his	
before	
;	
me	
.	
labour	
goldsmith	
,	
and	
me	
solomon	
it	
known	
his	
.	
ever	
.	
unto	
boast	
up	
for	
was	
and	
a	
and	
,	
:	
we	
also	
you	
and	
my	
us	
in	
the	
the	
.	
and	
money	
is	
.	
8	
at	
very	
cut	
waters	
whithersoever	
and	
[	
the	
the	
the	
duke	
be	
the	
all	
be	
,	
to	
you	
me	
own	
a	
enough	
not	
you	
ever	
day	
because	
my	
thee	
thee	
he	
you	
:	
you	
rebelled	
;	
,	
the	
.	
at	
gizonite	
out	
he	
it	
the	
,	
.	
1	
and	
31	
1	
1	
[	
1	
1	
1	
1	
in	
my	
children	
,	
a	
to	
,	
thee	
and	
david	
:	
dwelt	
against	
as	
,	
,	
to	
taken	
,	
given	
the	
a	
months	
for	
him	
and	
the	
.	
be	
with	
[	
,	
inhabitants	
her	
[	
me	
of	
judgment	
.	
wheat	
their	
,	
and	
the	
,	
with	
me	
22	
[	
7	
jehu	
i	
our	
me	
aijalon	
the	
.	
.	
,	
and	
no	
baalim	
me	
,	
unto	
,	
fail	
:	
the	
singer	
[	
the	
lift	
not	
words	
;	
had	
]	
my	
3	
hearts	
to	
me	
member	
hardened	
from	
maimed	
to	
the	
;	
fair	
thing	
,	
,	
up	
him	
depart	
tidings	
of	
males	
,	
furiously	
shall	
matter	
glad	
right	
and	
fear	
;	
in	
,	
!	
in	
[	
one	
;	
taken	
speed	
himself	
water	
will	
from	
much	
i	
,	
furnace	
wound	
,	
into	
own	
,	
of	
.	
over	
with	
now	
wherewith	
to	
,	
,	
that	
violence	
me	
cherubims	
not	
crieth	
his	
out	
me	
departeth	
,	
unto	
the	
him	
in	
:	
sons	
.	
[	
goods	
:	
in	
is	
7	
and	
,	
enlarged	
that	
be	
in	
of	
swifter	
the	
11	
thy	
is	
with	
you	
,	
maketh	
by	
three	
,	
springeth	
upon	
,	
leave	
cry	
covered	
heard	
her	
,	
out	
his	
sackcloth	
because	
be	
a	
the	
mourning	
always	
all	
,	
you	
about	
,	
in	
;	
they	
his	
and	
god	
had	
steps	
down	
and	
evil	
unto	
baskets	
,	
in	
not	
ye	
,	
end	
all	
more	
unto	
jerusalem	
to	
any	
humbleth	
his	
from	
many	
.	
a	
and	
them	
christ	
war	
,	
from	
my	
the	
in	
him	
his	
himself	
,	
behold	
without	
the	
fear	
it	
,	
the	
surprised	
committed	
me	
cover	
the	
the	
broken	
.	
hundred	
any	
,	
all	
him	
,	
me	
calved	
stones	
after	
,	
of	
of	
overtook	
estate	
burnt	
,	
son	
:	
man	
the	
.	
such	
me	
,	
prayer	
and	
the	
delivered	
unto	
son	
all	
,	
her	
his	
,	
be	
:	
to	
against	
in	
water	
and	
in	
:	
,	
behold	
me	
in	
against	
thee	
him	
son	
that	
oppressed	
his	
4	
the	
,	
thee	
gave	
worms	
;	
,	
:	
.	
meet	
thee	
.	
of	
saw	
:	
the	
on	
me	
?	
in	
will	
our	
you	
king	
,	
,	
of	
was	
,	
be	
bread	
not	
shall	
.	
16	
shall	
,	
him	
,	
for	
to	
neither	
the	
good	
also	
.	
himself	
's	
he	
rain	
born	
the	
33	
dwelt	
to	
god	
generations	
,	
and	
us	
figs	
,	
up	
.	
ever	
in	
up	
,	
his	
,	
the	
33	
of	
?	
the	
of	
thou	
and	
on	
holding	
her	
,	
,	
[	
me	
unto	
kind	
[	
,	
job	
the	
thy	
him	
the	
in	
a	
the	
to	
the	
followed	
he	
:	
father	
it	
with	
himself	
and	
;	
thou	
the	
peter	
:	
his	
3	
i	
exalted	
also	
.	
which	
of	
the	
shall	
angels	
for	
one	
outcasts	
hearts	
myself	
wickedness	
my	
naarah	
with	
to	
from	
about	
him	
he	
son	
all	
thigh	
as	
,	
spin	
,	
mayest	
,	
overshadow	
;	
the	
thee	
part	
how	
gilead	
of	
we	
[	
my	
:	
hungered	
hearts	
more	
and	
i	
horns	
of	
.	
too	
of	
themselves	
with	
which	
thy	
in	
at	
in	
.	
,	
and	
were	
be	
the	
to	
,	
your	
,	
out	
given	
him	
,	
is	
the	
of	
i	
,	
my	
,	
,	
the	
delivered	
,	
over	
and	
he	
he	
yield	
6	
shall	
all	
shall	
.	
;	
,	
unto	
34	
time	
eyes	
of	
before	
same	
which	
been	
,	
;	
the	
that	
on	
hananiah	
,	
to	
of	
for	
the	
father	
,	
;	
in	
,	
the	
came	
;	
out	
it	
.	
my	
cut	
and	
for	
both	
among	
go	
not	
[	
of	
and	
is	
the	
in	
above	
possessed	
there	
with	
from	
[	
millo	
,	
her	
her	
.	
unto	
himself	
prophesied	
be	
not	
,	
,	
pillars	
of	
and	
great	
into	
made	
,	
?	
him	
it	
13	
,	
one	
of	
not	
with	
chaff	
far	
the	
broken	
this	
the	
you	
the	
with	
a	
christ	
down	
and	
more	
valleys	
1	
,	
them	
them	
:	
;	
,	
1	
,	
1	
a	
another	
the	
them	
abundance	
according	
thy	
;	
the	
14	
1	
in	
,	
the	
god	
maid	
in	
:	
.	
in	
our	
done	
their	
:	
his	
in	
20	
for	
unto	
that	
the	
the	
unto	
shall	
i	
also	
confounded	
in	
do	
peace	
31	
the	
:	
;	
under	
throughout	
on	
sinned	
.	
his	
over	
will	
hath	
he	
you	
and	
from	
upon	
or	
most	
:	
her	
that	
aloud	
for	
five	
all	
unto	
thy	
24	
;	
the	
accusation	
proved	
[	
and	
in	
against	
report	
from	
were	
.	
me	
unto	
the	
the	
:	
,	
and	
:	
7	
the	
that	
that	
them	
food	
now	
.	
,	
heart	
not	
jushabhesed	
.	
took	
unto	
over	
with	
many	
,	
the	
,	
a	
,	
14	
unto	
and	
with	
men	
ashes	
,	
in	
enemy	
wife	
sister	
workers	
were	
thy	
mind	
were	
be	
the	
threatened	
.	
fall	
he	
worshipping	
as	
.	
a	
bring	
thee	
thy	
shalt	
in	
a	
,	
speak	
with	
the	
,	
to	
[	
cried	
the	
ye	
you	
22	
the	
psalms	
shall	
.	
,	
against	
and	
seed	
,	
[	
some	
;	
before	
gotten	
with	
aprons	
,	
[	
.	
his	
,	
thereto	
unmarried	
the	
unto	
a	
encamp	
not	
;	
like	
;	
stoop	
the	
,	
we	
thy	
spirit	
for	
enlarged	
for	
hath	
2	
upon	
in	
[	
to	
to	
no	
a	
.	
a	
yea	
unto	
before	
out	
king	
evil	
through	
were	
years	
no	
and	
i	
thee	
unto	
16	
under	
anointing	
sleep	
me	
dead	
the	
.	
place	
vain	
.	
themselves	
are	
,	
new	
weapon	
,	
set	
you	
went	
[	
with	
a	
his	
it	
the	
.	
to	
his	
ha	
the	
,	
upon	
speeches	
and	
doubt	
are	
,	
the	
house	
his	
by	
.	
,	
:	
your	
,	
.	
for	
;	
so	
the	
26	
by	
smitten	
i	
to	
,	
with	
and	
the	
unto	
shall	
man	
and	
mine	
thee	
despise	
birth	
neck	
,	
to	
through	
that	
away	
over	
not	
faileth	
me	
,	
22	
up	
have	
,	
]	
and	
children	
dealing	
;	
and	
pray	
,	
forth	
went	
up	
discord	
in	
the	
the	
;	
children	
rakkath	
and	
and	
,	
[	
,	
they	
sons	
is	
of	
for	
the	
but	
their	
,	
,	
come	
and	
,	
out	
left	
:	
,	
[	
her	
ruin	
be	
,	
the	
20	
shall	
him	
till	
,	
all	
,	
;	
:	
:	
therein	
i	
unto	
out	
,	
me	
and	
at	
up	
by	
hold	
shall	
,	
ye	
upon	
unto	
a	
at	
for	
tetrarch	
heart	
in	
not	
his	
us	
them	
one	
child	
;	
,	
that	
having	
year	
to	
with	
away	
an	
to	
no	
about	
unto	
of	
the	
the	
,	
,	
in	
as	
.	
the	
2	
out	
out	
hold	
why	
me	
,	
come	
desire	
of	
we	
envying	
unto	
them	
hope	
.	
.	
in	
for	
against	
them	
an	
gift	
before	
30	
and	
1	
,	
;	
nothing	
1	
sleep	
multitude	
;	
lots	
.	
father	
reigned	
.	
lavers	
in	
and	
glad	
shall	
ye	
body	
are	
[	
[	
kingdom	
to	
,	
.	
[	
i	
and	
nothing	
of	
the	
me	
sons	
and	
followed	
,	
with	
before	
house	
the	
of	
hated	
backslidings	
cry	
her	
were	
seed	
,	
shur	
which	
the	
,	
israel	
roast	
me	
let	
;	
the	
burnt	
shame	
the	
shall	
the	
fall	
thy	
offerings	
[	
in	
:	
the	
himself	
,	
therein	
my	
unto	
be	
toward	
and	
1	
generation	
with	
1	
?	
of	
their	
were	
be	
[	
in	
me	
thee	
a	
son	
[	
child	
soul	
.	
his	
made	
8	
the	
from	
whose	
gilead	
of	
of	
him	
to	
spareth	
the	
,	
,	
them	
and	
grown	
from	
and	
,	
laboureth	
preached	
39	
?	
:	
[	
set	
stood	
and	
.	
sit	
up	
:	
name	
much	
,	
a	
heart	
the	
and	
the	
attained	
,	
,	
;	
to	
[	
sake	
and	
and	
:	
,	
in	
walked	
:	
committed	
and	
and	
,	
us	
feeble	
him	
.	
of	
,	
for	
and	
the	
,	
himself	
day	
unto	
you	
and	
forgiveness	
named	
that	
:	
them	
:	
,	
him	
with	
believeth	
sons	
moab	
,	
my	
the	
and	
:	
down	
fell	
him	
up	
loose	
days	
.	
the	
the	
;	
,	
till	
heart	
?	
to	
therefore	
to	
,	
and	
me	
fire	
cure	
by	
,	
3	
receive	
omri	
forth	
,	
.	
everlasting	
through	
rods	
and	
his	
,	
be	
abroad	
,	
with	
to	
,	
servant	
feeble	
,	
up	
mischievous	
to	
son	
is	
,	
devoured	
;	
their	
,	
all	
home	
the	
off	
heirs	
himself	
the	
days	
desolation	
son	
angel	
,	
unto	
unto	
them	
remnant	
hang	
;	
[	
are	
the	
him	
iniquity	
the	
builders	
up	
to	
at	
love	
[	
,	
,	
up	
,	
left	
the	
her	
son	
one	
at	
are	
bare	
thou	
to	
shall	
and	
[	
high	
[	
1	
1	
shall	
moab	
sufficient	
with	
the	
,	
from	
before	
,	
to	
multiplied	
in	
]	
7	
asking	
long	
the	
upon	
to	
,	
hold	
this	
[	
not	
14	
their	
suffered	
hemam	
italy	
strangers	
the	
the	
ye	
their	
became	
:	
,	
unto	
war	
hungry	
about	
on	
to	
and	
;	
children	
and	
[	
coat	
:	
and	
was	
the	
the	
and	
his	
:	
their	
and	
5	
[	
isaiah	
:	
to	
this	
.	
my	
of	
against	
,	
in	
to	
the	
,	
they	
,	
so	
up	
even	
,	
was	
howl	
2	
judge	
the	
wash	
he	
i	
also	
into	
[	
to	
an	
uncle	
filled	
the	
,	
dust	
are	
parable	
the	
like	
of	
and	
soul	
the	
helez	
me	
no	
me	
under	
;	
them	
and	
[	
for	
impenitent	
done	
27	
ministered	
these	
against	
he	
,	
that	
into	
him	
them	
,	
him	
delivered	
.	
the	
as	
to	
here	
many	
,	
of	
word	
glad	
:	
the	
in	
in	
the	
and	
[	
his	
25	
and	
three	
[	
as	
.	
said	
and	
,	
to	
[	
days	
unto	
of	
head	
]	
.	
.	
thee	
,	
shall	
their	
them	
,	
his	
fell	
the	
glorious	
,	
,	
put	
aroerite	
breath	
portion	
side	
ye	
.	
at	
his	
jerusalem	
me	
all	
:	
41	
the	
be	
,	
sons	
and	
thy	
break	
a	
me	
28	
[	
,	
thus	
his	
thee	
the	
to	
the	
there	
good	
of	
thou	
reign	
an	
had	
hideth	
:	
when	
:	
this	
[	
and	
the	
.	
the	
,	
her	
times	
the	
a	
their	
near	
shall	
before	
to	
;	
she	
him	
thou	
from	
by	
five	
weeping	
1	
defiled	
saith	
congregation	
the	
reacheth	
before	
at	
or	
brethren	
,	
?	
prophesied	
thee	
.	
her	
in	
[	
in	
two	
:	
also	
to	
servant	
a	
with	
of	
the	
:	
blessed	
seeing	
.	
be	
this	
cry	
hedges	
voice	
his	
.	
blessed	
state	
by	
being	
travailed	
iron	
[	
with	
?	
the	
herds	
all	
;	
.	
,	
not	
[	
of	
are	
up	
rule	
the	
,	
his	
blessed	
himself	
of	
.	
[	
that	
,	
to	
did	
their	
to	
me	
uriah	
,	
6	
.	
themselves	
once	
and	
hermon	
the	
chamber	
them	
out	
,	
thee	
,	
of	
he	
2	
,	
him	
the	
for	
's	
piece	
[	
were	
ornament	
i	
a	
on	
,	
thy	
is	
,	
for	
her	
the	
which	
the	
unto	
eyes	
to	
a	
be	
and	
coming	
seen	
;	
up	
the	
,	
sworn	
.	
:	
man	
the	
filled	
wife	
the	
more	
gates	
for	
:	
,	
and	
and	
into	
of	
every	
,	
all	
yearned	
of	
keeper	
of	
up	
;	
woman	
.	
.	
the	
.	
and	
mount	
unclean	
questions	
from	
and	
into	
my	
the	
10	
make	
that	
the	
workers	
his	
,	
and	
:	
me	
18	
out	
?	
[	
me	
he	
and	
the	
the	
,	
of	
and	
hard	
30	
and	
,	
eleasah	
is	
left	
off	
in	
the	
;	
lord	
for	
young	
unto	
and	
of	
away	
try	
because	
.	
this	
26	
and	
not	
with	
of	
sons	
can	
thy	
the	
19	
as	
,	
,	
;	
trees	
a	
he	
the	
the	
[	
.	
my	
also	
wind	
to	
:	
calve	
baptist	
cubits	
the	
that	
things	
to	
me	
chesnut	
the	
they	
was	
be	
,	
with	
,	
for	
us	
3	
no	
home	
to	
things	
,	
thine	
mecherathite	
himself	
them	
thee	
the	
;	
endure	
in	
thou	
field	
[	
of	
me	
whithersoever	
and	
in	
,	
thy	
him	
joshua	
bound	
and	
their	
were	
,	
not	
offerings	
[	
that	
light	
we	
set	
:	
me	
uri	
the	
?	
.	
,	
the	
his	
.	
up	
,	
sweetness	
great	
the	
you	
,	
shall	
that	
1	
of	
;	
of	
wisdom	
houses	
saint	
shall	
;	
the	
them	
together	
and	
2	
.	
of	
,	
they	
for	
and	
his	
honey	
but	
i	
,	
,	
were	
.	
others	
,	
ye	
and	
after	
?	
therefore	
.	
men	
the	
bridle	
both	
this	
dishonoureth	
,	
men	
ever	
those	
thee	
shall	
;	
patrobas	
jotbah	
me	
let	
remained	
himself	
17	
upon	
and	
from	
so	
goats	
thou	
was	
as	
she	
.	
spirit	
their	
paul	
,	
,	
the	
up	
the	
,	
highminded	
[	
:	
?	
neither	
.	
day	
,	
wife	
thy	
with	
unto	
i	
wife	
:	
,	
the	
her	
have	
them	
,	
by	
infirmity	
me	
enemy	
[	
in	
4	
love	
.	
iniquity	
neck	
works	
them	
;	
the	
thy	
[	
.	
prince	
saying	
in	
was	
old	
8	
all	
[	
after	
axe	
sherebiah	
11	
:	
the	
the	
looketh	
his	
enlightened	
the	
,	
22	
a	
fruit	
unto	
me	
:	
you	
wisely	
.	
,	
of	
i	
of	
unto	
the	
,	
from	
not	
from	
in	
:	
before	
.	
portions	
laugh	
what	
shall	
proportion	
.	
,	
unto	
,	
of	
;	
in	
prince	
unto	
him	
have	
himself	
profit	
nothing	
your	
his	
thee	
after	
,	
,	
all	
be	
the	
in	
and	
broken	
unto	
.	
my	
before	
advice	
.	
that	
,	
her	
and	
for	
to	
every	
hand	
about	
things	
men	
silver	
from	
wherewith	
,	
in	
many	
the	
,	
with	
.	
unto	
,	
,	
as	
.	
.	
in	
spirit	
his	
wind	
learned	
with	
again	
.	
'	
her	
the	
me	
,	
the	
from	
offered	
given	
,	
:	
,	
and	
ephod	
her	
and	
,	
shall	
:	
one	
grief	
in	
solomon	
to	
12	
of	
the	
up	
our	
for	
[	
and	
,	
unto	
thee	
:	
turned	
consumption	
more	
with	
horses	
thee	
you	
this	
from	
for	
himself	
all	
not	
that	
my	
cast	
partridge	
embrace	
thee	
my	
shall	
when	
the	
2	
ever	
you	
,	
all	
for	
my	
.	
[	
11	
10	
shuppim	
thine	
the	
this	
zechariah	
me	
in	
the	
ride	
they	
the	
,	
or	
abhor	
himself	
unto	
back	
,	
and	
that	
so	
and	
was	
in	
as	
his	
her	
;	
to	
his	
.	
him	
from	
.	
the	
in	
deceived	
there	
it	
did	
king	
god	
but	
his	
the	
[	
heaven	
before	
:	
the	
forth	
.	
into	
was	
of	
shall	
him	
his	
endured	
himself	
do	
,	
bread	
throne	
[	
hold	
spirits	
further	
,	
my	
and	
chariots	
a	
lifted	
of	
a	
.	
lord	
behind	
cloud	
coming	
:	
bemoaning	
the	
by	
barley	
that	
opposest	
begging	
with	
flesh	
?	
[	
and	
unto	
having	
.	
us	
,	
with	
grace	
his	
to	
one	
abraham	
father	
]	
over	
goeth	
his	
before	
,	
,	
,	
from	
from	
6	
my	
than	
one	
chance	
,	
rule	
i	
son	
abraham	
[	
of	
and	
the	
unto	
and	
thou	
to	
perfect	
shall	
in	
shiloh	
until	
20	
of	
and	
,	
exalted	
lest	
,	
his	
of	
words	
greatly	
years	
lives	
unto	
;	
from	
through	
;	
and	
from	
speaking	
then	
the	
,	
him	
peace	
us	
?	
and	
the	
a	
he	
one	
murmurings	
up	
planteth	
and	
[	
6	
and	
,	
mocked	
the	
6	
31	
every	
of	
5	
you	
which	
spring	
,	
[	
order	
the	
dwell	
this	
they	
into	
his	
constantly	
the	
away	
with	
to	
and	
pleasant	
yourselves	
have	
in	
he	
also	
[	
,	
,	
and	
upon	
[	
wrought	
down	
the	
,	
.	
7	
the	
after	
me	
,	
themselves	
than	
again	
them	
her	
her	
with	
unto	
away	
against	
and	
[	
,	
the	
unto	
will	
,	
them	
sufficiency	
his	
in	
of	
[	
by	
his	
of	
.	
thee	
you	
,	
.	
.	
these	
his	
destroy	
,	
unto	
thy	
[	
of	
and	
make	
meats	
and	
they	
one	
wine	
me	
,	
of	
52	
men	
himself	
kept	
,	
in	
13	
.	
that	
of	
,	
but	
is	
the	
.	
therefore	
ye	
thee	
and	
is	
my	
to	
is	
could	
bigtha	
from	
with	
azariah	
,	
.	
up	
and	
jerusalem	
grate	
,	
earrings	
so	
up	
?	
4	
of	
with	
thousand	
all	
me	
32	
more	
.	
,	
to	
fear	
,	
the	
and	
2	
,	
.	
at	
stubble	
mine	
out	
let	
,	
the	
it	
,	
getteth	
:	
unto	
be	
kin	
in	
:	
the	
the	
.	
will	
,	
them	
he	
that	
closed	
trees	
my	
the	
unto	
them	
.	
of	
thee	
,	
and	
the	
whom	
thus	
an	
the	
,	
king	
,	
those	
and	
that	
with	
be	
,	
38	
she	
and	
men	
deep	
bread	
adullamite	
to	
doth	
and	
;	
me	
you	
on	
on	
after	
and	
,	
:	
wars	
times	
by	
up	
me	
the	
,	
his	
[	
off	
gave	
is	
the	
.	
day	
to	
yourselves	
and	
not	
wave	
as	
his	
,	
me	
the	
will	
us	
.	
commend	
him	
thou	
porches	
the	
.	
pressed	
deliver	
heard	
,	
so	
up	
thing	
,	
with	
not	
had	
again	
with	
:	
jesus	
all	
.	
7	
and	
height	
to	
,	
then	
14	
,	
for	
[	
running	
,	
without	
savour	
whom	
shall	
not	
them	
came	
my	
,	
for	
colours	
in	
hearts	
were	
in	
preached	
and	
him	
inheritance	
and	
in	
[	
16	
widows	
are	
and	
thyself	
affection	
the	
power	
him	
measures	
rain	
not	
middle	
9	
her	
me	
me	
i	
,	
taught	
of	
goeth	
.	
34	
fathers	
behold	
them	
or	
laish	
love	
it	
,	
]	
thou	
it	
you	
's	
even	
god	
sick	
,	
the	
but	
made	
[	
what	
,	
we	
with	
to	
than	
thy	
,	
it	
to	
his	
save	
to	
first	
the	
,	
angry	
but	
our	
chariots	
fed	
unto	
the	
themselves	
worship	
the	
,	
.	
i	
[	
as	
all	
thyself	
by	
a	
down	
,	
the	
;	
the	
and	
:	
destruction	
.	
manasseh	
as	
them	
;	
two	
with	
which	
the	
the	
to	
thine	
also	
an	
for	
us	
's	
the	
the	
,	
2	
sinners	
the	
13	
,	
from	
up	
that	
siege	
broken	
thou	
disciples	
the	
stone	
:	
hated	
.	
are	
things	
[	
9	
under	
,	
unto	
the	
merry	
and	
,	
.	
thee	
?	
therefore	
against	
the	
no	
which	
,	
her	
?	
1	
the	
;	
for	
;	
gained	
is	
and	
,	
thou	
:	
tree	
doves	
the	
unto	
eyes	
6	
42	
the	
abominations	
captivity	
was	
vessel	
is	
the	
the	
:	
not	
,	
asunder	
of	
unto	
the	
,	
daughter	
?	
the	
not	
on	
.	
,	
.	
of	
?	
the	
down	
him	
,	
he	
was	
,	
be	
disciples	
seventy	
followed	
before	
image	
himself	
shall	
his	
,	
1	
1	
himself	
up	
thirsty	
,	
to	
on	
his	
over	
was	
down	
from	
1	
1	
;	
withered	
again	
unto	
1	
dead	
of	
of	
1	
1	
,	
1	
off	
with	
for	
.	
me	
1	
and	
and	
in	
unto	
,	
33	
men	
still	
king	
these	
the	
ramathmizpeh	
.	
the	
,	
three	
the	
[	
son	
upon	
them	
waters	
us	
the	
the	
the	
many	
prey	
,	
,	
wood	
the	
[	
of	
mouth	
it	
more	
and	
,	
before	
and	
zadok	
up	
peace	
strength	
through	
in	
[	
was	
another	
of	
.	
spring	
there	
without	
,	
before	
.	
much	
blessing	
,	
in	
in	
my	
out	
the	
yea	
their	
in	
hast	
unto	
kings	
continually	
of	
before	
them	
fall	
,	
5	
me	
crowns	
forty	
.	
of	
mind	
him	
,	
of	
.	
john	
of	
[	
hundred	
,	
his	
.	
,	
;	
.	
,	
the	
for	
.	
thence	
incense	
the	
in	
forth	
of	
of	
in	
on	
after	
this	
,	
,	
come	
of	
,	
one	
,	
their	
days	
second	
,	
her	
his	
himself	
the	
on	
us	
valleys	
the	
,	
,	
,	
among	
that	
's	
,	
means	
the	
them	
cymbals	
in	
have	
.	
our	
their	
,	
than	
son	
not	
,	
?	
,	
gospel	
things	
to	
,	
:	
women	
from	
of	
21	
out	
,	
oil	
him	
he	
unto	
:	
thee	
all	
thyself	
the	
selah	
daniel	
17	
shall	
:	
thy	
out	
thee	
long	
the	
bringeth	
the	
christ	
and	
ishod	
,	
helps	
on	
wrought	
from	
in	
know	
places	
come	
the	
these	
.	
praising	
near	
,	
nigh	
and	
,	
;	
.	
strive	
shewed	
[	
9	
alone	
.	
the	
the	
and	
god	
.	
a	
and	
smote	
all	
furbish	
[	
unto	
eaten	
a	
:	
heareth	
out	
and	
thee	
for	
them	
tell	
he	
,	
thy	
according	
all	
nor	
the	
to	
8	
with	
not	
david	
the	
followed	
he	
rejoice	
the	
33	
herself	
son	
a	
shields	
:	
feast	
and	
,	
the	
for	
their	
,	
who	
grass	
out	
i	
themselves	
with	
cast	
into	
spirits	
of	
my	
,	
:	
and	
were	
two	
they	
of	
.	
back	
cords	
perished	
,	
a	
the	
shall	
