and	saying	[	he	that	i	because	thou	what	the	behold	they	lord	thus	we	go	to	but	as	if	why	all	how	let	master	where	take	who	art	then	when	come	sir	so	thy	yea	follow	unto	according	from	my	which	rabbi	before	get	o	see	even	for	though	neither	put	by	whence	(	verily	with	wherefore	say	give	arise	it	in	seeing	fear	yet	blessed	she	went	or	dost	saith	a	well	having	came	wilt	whether	not	nor	knowest	cast	god	3	be	surely	no	david	of	turn	feed	being	there	whom	friend	hear	this	were	is	)	nay	upon	lest	whose	father	send	save	rise	ye	every	son	out	7	run	do	sing	both	oh	28	into	one	ask	two	wagging	2	call	therefore	6	man	was	until	those	13	grant	tell	will	wherewith	gird	now	an	heard	good	elisha	at	have	saw	lo	48	make	caesar	5	10	bethel	shall	hearest	sit	micaiah	abraham	timotheus	answered	beware	tarry	thomas	hath	suffer	24	simon	22	rose	except	4	crying	isaac	watching	over	build	enviest	his	32	dark	bringing	like	did	31	whither	calling	pursue	seest	answerest	saul	cornelius	twelve	canst	prophesy	draw	hail	shew	aeneas	dried	beseeching	peter	yes	curse	stood	away	jesus	hearken	reading	ephphatha	after	rejoiceth	33	here	bemoan	although	about	38	seeking	30	against	keep	fell	tempting	rabboni	depart	forbid	coming	number	straightway	alas	desiring	rushed	faint	tidings	dwell	buy	said	turned	offered	zacchaeus	took	lift	foxes	receive	hold	king	15	14	55	17	up	glorifying	while	can	declare	are	bearing	rend	amnon	bow	their	didst	peace	43	wherein	beside	9	judas	concerning	may	knew	yesterday	insomuch	peradventure	lay	on	shalt	remember	sayest	speakest	41	talk	anointing	sun	
the	israel	god	their	judah	david	jacob	his	ahab	our	my	saul	thy	jeroboam	joseph	bondage	baal	micah	obededom	[	prayer	haman	your	aaron	abinadab	millo	baasha	levi	mourning	simon	rimmon	eliashib	pharaoh	eli	cedar	him	joab	togarmah	nisroch	jeshua	machir	one	esau	jonathan	cedars	bondmen	feasting	jason	zacharias	gods	rest	pharez	shemaiah	isaac	them	baalberith	merchandise	gilgal	defence	ashbea	ephraim	benjamin	stephanas	heber	zadok	ahaziah	bethuel	ziba	habitation	her	mary	ishbosheth	josiah	jerubbaal	nathan	eden	philip	servants	mirth	asuppim	aphrah	ahijah	caleb	high	elisha	jehu	onesiphorus	ashtaroth	dagon	abimelech	which	judas	rechab	arza	sacrifice	]	a	hazael	issachar	azariah	ahimelech	
be	not	bring	come	surely	take	go	give	have	offer	make	die	put	wash	build	even	cause	slay	eat	burn	deliver	receive	live	judge	say	choose	rise	stand	dwell	hear	sit	lay	restore	kill	send	do	return	bear	break	set	let	speak	prepare	pass	enter	smite	save	know	destroy	add	redeem	flee	see	appear	feed	carry	pour	lie	pay	also	grow	cut	pray	shave	shew	never	turn	stretch	baptize	gather	stir	sprinkle	serve	purify	rule	besiege	shake	acknowledge	exalt	spread	magnify	cry	bless	begin	abide	shut	pluck	spoil	both	ask	divide	consecrate	fight	strengthen	call	tell	reign	minister	present	look	subdue	fly	roar	answer	separate	drink	cover	reward	gain	follow	suffer	worship	thrust	prolong	overcome	descend	glorify	presently	read	wave	vomit	fall	possess	execute	yield	continue	uncover	deal	expel	pronounce	throughly	plead	leave	accomplish	hide	lead	confirm	confess	lend	lean	testify	forecast	leap	sustain	neither	preserve	perish	blot	teach	play	cleave	keep	devour	neglect	number	walk	array	open	stumble	tread	bite	approach	therefore	spare	groan	punish	flay	direct	plant	lift	recount	overflow	hold	cleanse	count	work	gird	cast	praise	kindle	root	scatter	bathe	rend	at	in	gnash	recover	prevail	any	fill	sell	wound	write	recompense	anoint	reckon	reach	rain	mightily	utterly	suck	snatch	command	push	understand	order	
6	16	10	7	5	8	and	21	2	15	14	3	18	9	4	17	20	26	12	19	11	23	24	22	33	13	25	27	32	28	31	29	30	36	35	34	39	40	but	then	41	1	37	genesis	psalm	47	so	luke	51	46	55	57	50	53	exodus	38	67	john	44	42	43	acts	when	do	esther	now	52	hosea	wherefore	farewell	even	daniel	deliver	romans	surely	[	65	66	leviticus	deuteronmy	praise	herein	numbers	48	)	45	matthew	habakkuk	pilate	the	
,	unto	to	also	moreover	thus	in	.	]	again	on	that	likewise	furthermore	within	sibboleth	these	therefore	[	
is	hath	believeth	loveth	cometh	keepeth	[	]	doeth	giveth	was	shall	hateth	eateth	heareth	goeth	receiveth	speaketh	toucheth	walketh	sat	lieth	had	sitteth	gathereth	soweth	killeth	despiseth	sent	overcometh	smiteth	seeketh	taketh	made	regardeth	feareth	doth	putteth	entereth	abideth	followeth	formed	burneth	saith	came	condemneth	said	trusteth	prophesieth	gathered	getteth	hideth	remaineth	curseth	should	ruleth	smote	offereth	troubleth	honoureth	will	watereth	blesseth	maketh	destroyed	denieth	did	setteth	dwelleth	worketh	reproveth	hasteth	oppresseth	escapeth	openeth	sacrificeth	waiteth	tilleth	refuseth	reapeth	humbleth	leddest	planteth	betrayed	fleeth	beareth	covereth	sweareth	took	betrayeth	glorieth	serveth	sanctified	calleth	begetteth	received	perverteth	bindeth	rebuketh	committeth	bade	teacheth	pondereth	rejoiceth	scattered	wrought	winketh	hated	regarded	revealeth	created	planted	dippeth	considereth	seeth	singeth	watcheth	ruled	sanctifieth	findeth	they	kindled	hearkeneth	chastiseth	contendeth	handleth	ministered	spareth	ploweth	owneth	strengthened	delicately	talked	removeth	standeth	blasphemeth	hardeneth	talketh	swimmeth	feared	delivered	riseth	layeth	withholdeth	blotteth	earneth	exalteth	rolleth	sleepeth	increaseth	turneth	justifieth	smootheth	spared	uttereth	put	by	helpeth	diggeth	loseth	exhorteth	laboureth	descended	telleth	let	deviseth	holdeth	raised	biddeth	wasteth	shewed	knoweth	passeth	brought	gave	leadeth	sprinkleth	pursueth	heweth	despised	winneth	spread	answereth	stealeth	readeth	wavereth	sheweth	judgeth	buildeth	offered	formeth	forbeareth	thresheth	looketh	comforteth	letteth	repeateth	sendeth	diligently	doubteth	liveth	confirmeth	rideth	saw	commendeth	built	favoureth	lacketh	begat	refraineth	acknowledgeth	ministereth	dasheth	knew	sinneth	rejecteth	in	endureth	cleaveth	sinned	searcheth	occupieth	counted	shutteth	flattereth	observeth	sounded	enlargeth	
done	made	given	not	said	sent	spoken	sinned	committed	put	broken	promised	no	also	brought	set	taken	a	chosen	,	delivered	shewed	filled	swallowed	been	.	cast	commanded	sworn	cut	destroyed	laid	heard	seen	established	]	caused	trespassed	found	thrown	despised	poured	bent	purposed	prepared	uncovered	charged	wrought	defiled	covered	lighted	hid	killed	glorified	dealt	shed	triumphed	borne	opened	smitten	;	remembered	served	[	on	raised	blessed	slain	stretched	violently	:	both	appointed	humbled	redeemed	visited	called	turned	as	built	declared	prophesied	dispersed	left	slandered	shot	scattered	forsaken	profaned	discovered	wronged	trodden	polluted	certainly	regarded	fenced	to	planted	faith	increased	desired	crushed	kindled	defied	cursed	lost	clothed	pronounced	hedged	strengthened	transgressed	ten	oppressed	authority	compassed	taught	ordained	scraped	blinded	even	wholly	barley	denied	drawn	bought	shut	attended	led	sold	whereof	deceitfully	by	garnished	changed	fulfilled	anointed	greatly	mixed	settled	torn	beelzebub	abhorred	withdrawn	holpen	caught	spread	therefore	passed	judged	gained	laboured	offered	pleased	but	girded	known	counsel	sanctified	gotten	determined	shall	grass	shortened	reserved	loosed	stripped	received	an	escaped	founded	purchased	sought	kneaded	looked	confirmed	inclosed	divided	perfected	supplanted	neither	inclined	tried	testified	requited	driven	abounded	utterly	nothing	the	consecrated	bestowed	bid	magnified	so	builded	
made	done	said	spoken	taken	been	,	not	called	]	seen	opened	thus	heard	sent	slain	given	built	brought	a	cast	in	commanded	no	prepared	left	married	;	power	found	put	.	eaten	restored	looked	wrought	shewed	destroyed	devised	told	offered	appointed	gone	turned	compassion	cried	cut	chosen	much	defiled	served	lifted	set	begun	gathered	broken	by	great	thirty	drunk	answered	two	fought	received	gotten	promised	buried	need	so	scourged	spent	the	caused	agreed	forsaken	ended	diligently	horns	faith	robbed	unto	before	dipped	also	fled	to	spread	judged	exalted	saluted	bound	afore	one	neither	advanced	straitly	clad	pronounced	bewitched	raised	bought	preached	committed	healed	tarried	delivered	for	smitten	washed	forty	yet	written	got	ever	filled	never	fourteen	[	driven	many	against	dominion	named	utterly	hewn	seven	three	stretched	another	respect	apprehended	appeared	patiently	sheep	reigned	hallowed	mahalath	begotten	:	recovered	possession	passed	spit	pilled	formed	finished	wasted	pitched	removed	he	loved	this	riches	privily	nine	dedicated	tasted	confessed	consulted	brethren	forced	declared	dressed	peace	gilead	sworn	supped	used	provided	landed	delight	rested	eight	vowed	numbered	considered	thought	fasted	hearkened	conferred	purged	
the	moses	his	god	their	all	a	them	our	israel	him	my	nebuchadrezzar	saul	david	her	ithamar	pharaoh	those	thy	midian	abishai	every	man	nebuchadnezzar	judah	joab	naomi	falsehood	power	moab	strangers	strange	benhadad	these	solomon	shishak	joshua	jehiel	zerubbabel	chushanrishathaim	thine	ahijah	evildoers	one	ahikam	absalom	your	herod	nabal	sisera	damascus	shelomith	uriah	esau	any	jehoahaz	spoilers	ephraim	hananiah	manasseh	meremoth	jezebel	jeroboam	jeiel	mine	me	ittai	jabin	asaph	[	sennacherib	mithredath	nathan	ahab	brutish	elasah	this	hazael	benaiah	cononiah	
come	a	in	]	gone	afraid	taken	yet	not	wroth	with	buried	seen	the	departed	very	there	sore	.	teaching	called	at	sick	numbered	intreated	to	troubled	fled	nigh	born	laid	before	risen	strong	about	their	cast	an	afflicted	cut	,	rich	five	wont	found	set	circumcised	dead	accused	christ	worshipping	full	crucified	[	zealous	of	fallen	comforted	alone	angry	entered	:	more	moved	baptized	ashamed	commanded	sanctified	now	alive	also	driven	walking	girded	telling	praying	righteous	industrious	father	going	riding	sent	mocked	casting	returned	sitting	caught	speechless	diseased	wiser	accepted	lost	naked	twelve	parted	oppressed	healed	asleep	honourable	shearing	transfigured	borne	shaven	desirous	exceeding	pleased	content	above	;	cleansed	filled	bought	shut	led	disposed	deposed	sold	worthy	put	grieved	received	demanded	condemned	blind	reckoned	strengthened	jesus	brought	withdrawn	little	despised	sad	twenty	three	fast	afterward	much	extolled	known	speaking	perplexed	rejected	astonished	removed	king	made	humbled	determined	hid	betrayed	turned	as	purposed	destroying	marvellously	able	higher	tried	reviled	conceived	eaten	manifested	kept	hungry	magnified	uncovered	chief	clean	wounded	purged	restored	
and	[	that	which	the	he	to	they	lest	saying	nor	neither	thou	or	as	in	when	i	save	his	she	because	twenty	all	over	unto	did	went	even	david	named	into	judging	but	with	then	an	)	behold	after	both	bring	before	20	21	how	4	do	choice	five	know	forsomuch	like	56	found	where	born	said	for	wheresoever	salute	we	let	on	harps	of	days	o	seeing	jesus	brought	establish	from	tread	there	three	2	more	6	11	12	glorifying	will	while	many	it	jewels	heard	at	have	if	no	six	till	9	fell	give	without	having	
is	hath	he	sent	was	sat	dieth	had	liveth	speaketh	[	smote	sitteth	overcometh	smiteth	made	]	day	escapeth	pisseth	spake	offereth	cometh	eateth	hateth	reproacheth	a	bringeth	hated	they	passeth	did	returneth	knocketh	went	slayeth	worketh	giveth	bought	soweth	rideth	buildeth	sacrificeth	remaineth	raised	would	taketh	loved	serveth	calleth	holdeth	saith	wandereth	which	wanteth	followeth	i	came	the	understandeth	coveteth	cried	fashioneth	thinketh	betrayeth	seeth	aforetime	spoileth	believeth	stooped	fled	girdeth	contendeth	causeth	dwelleth	handleth	night	forsaketh	doeth	esteemeth	shed	blasphemeth	weareth	reproveth	crieth	said	stood	for	shaketh	layeth	increaseth	justifieth	asketh	waiteth	put	by	created	refuseth	willeth	telleth	runneth	curseth	knoweth	heareth	framed	treadeth	stretched	ordereth	fleeth	striveth	heweth	dwelt	loveth	ruleth	goeth	readeth	touched	sweareth	rejoiceth	ladeth	formed	needeth	appointed	glorieth	burneth	told	will	ought	endured	called	walketh	filleth	fashioned	seeketh	stole	encampeth	selleth	judgeth	flattereth	rebuketh	begat	sinneth	fell	lieth	bade	without	teacheth	
,	.	to	away	in	:	that	not	the	his	with	into	out	;	whom	a	?	by	up	down	as	at	from	before	shall	clean	all	go	afraid	on	no	against	were	two	drunken	fourfold	they	thereon	when	half	saluted	an	through	have	vehemently	peter	milk	unto	ourselves	whose	for	aside	seven	liberty	sick	certain	more	be	speaking	families	weeping	shamefully	guiltless	how	running	said	lay	reverence	altogether	stood	king	safe	whether	of	also	leave	i	rule	my	
and	for	but	he	i	all	9	7	[	the	2	therefore	neither	11	17	so	because	as	21	lo	8	behold	4	how	24	13	let	6	be	yea	persecute	in	jerusalem	worship	if	even	25	26	strength	49	28	your	also	fret	was	then	righteousness	his	thousand	who	upon	wherefore	38	every	they	15	thou	12	56	whereby	18	30	whom	52	their	19	howbeit	god	talk	
and	that	[	as	i	or	o	then	but	saying	to	which	nor	because	in	even	till	until	they	foot	with	he	thou	so	the	depart	who	saith	28	pedaiah	set	35	suffer	yet	if	from	for	come	amalek	when	43	40	10	rise	upon	after	ye	surely	now	both	wherewith	put	round	thine	stand	where	
,	'	.	had	:	and	in	or	;	amaziah	isaac	was	to	[	shewed	david	with	uzziah	by	did	while	seven	zacharias	blessed	observed	have	saw	unto	out	again	said	answered	make	their	loveth	wept	refused	deceitfully	asa	rebuked	jacob	manasseh	]	he	hamor	loved	made	nebuchadnezzar	walked	will	terah	herod	laid	served	went	called	came	charged	
and	[	what	he	i	thou	the	woman	because	if	that	all	give	go	fear	behold	let	as	when	shall	which	then	she	lest	yea	how	there	to	neither	we	saying	a	daughter	14	thy	my	they	be	touch	it	according	hath	tell	at	arise	our	like	for	come	two	call	take	spare	out	until	stand	return	whatsoever	do	hannah	who	martha	did	talitha	said	ask	weep	with	nor	saith	this	up	o	mary	wilt	without	so	entice	believed	surely	where	came	whosoever	
hand	hands	face	father	feet	wife	disciples	mother	days	head	mouth	eyes	chariot	brother	house	lips	ways	word	children	knowledge	bosom	only	pride	might	good	words	people	tent	ass	substance	son	promise	wrath	mark	chariots	mercy	glory	goodness	brethren	purpose	friends	neighbour	neck	coat	birth	judgments	flesh	letters	kindness	lord	indignation	kingdom	government	bands	expectation	raiment	bloody	chamberlains	firstborn	shoulder	name	brightness	epistles	arrows	heart	chamber	nose	heel	body	scrip	pledge	doing	seat	mighty	fist	naked	errors	finger	hairs	men	answers	host	flanks	resurrection	great	conversation	journey	dwelling	scales	doctrine	lodging	wages	sheep	vineyard	master	way	vesture	bodily	grief	part	righteous	rage	folly	concubines	bed	will	seed	error	kinsman	voice	birthright	fury	mind	stroke	vow	anger	border	strength	officers	couch	venison	speech	clearness	living	waters	time	delight	fruit	fierce	fisher	destruction	baker	cheek	rule	fellowservants	reward	talk	left	
,	reigned	.	jesus	'	:	?	to	;	isaac	[	king	into	in	unto	from	joseph	after	or	pass	are	gideon	johanan	was	be	that	upon	cleanseth	every	ask	with	many	will	hearkened	abram	were	ministered	the	came	buried	
house	soul	land	country	eyes	head	heart	body	conceit	will	,	name	people	place	blood	city	sin	flesh	hands	works	power	son	inheritance	life	spear	raiment	clothes	accord	standard	sheep	way	:	counsel	glory	servants	wife	left	children	wickedness	death	cup	hallowed	righteousness	self	vomit	burden	sepulchres	likeness	meat	iniquity	brother	right	generation	vine	flock	arm	voluntary	iniquities	sepulchre	new	;	cause	dung	sins	herd	pate	[	reproach	received	daughter	language	hired	elect	family	feet	.	vineyard	master	possession	hurt	grief	sore	spirit	behalf	word	work	bitterness	bed	charges	signet	household	mind	lust	cistern	goodness	pit	things	purpose	field	labour	which	beast	fruit	mouth	kin	supper	bowels	coast	]	grave	neighbour	flocks	camp	ways	reward	order	
,	.	:	;	upon	[	from	to	over	against	shall	hath	in	a	toward	unto	was	into	on	with	is	also	the	would	back	alive	clave	stretched	fetcheth	again	for	]	prevailed	under	?	took	by	he	went	might	until	fulfilled	or	
not	be	shew	take	deliver	make	.	bring	save	come	bless	say	send	return	keep	surely	give	have	repay	hate	yet	smite	,	do	cause	throughly	plead	curse	avenge	burn	let	spoil	teach	turn	love	render	visit	tell	hold	guide	no	destroy	despise	rest	kill	go	cut	prosper	magnify	lighten	rise	fall	now	flee	die	fulfil	miserably	abundantly	discover	contend	worship	increase	beautify	ever	invade	forsake	preserve	joy	never	recompense	swallow	first	laugh	establish	[	speak	rejoice	raise	stretch	call	dwell	heal	regard	lift	understand	he	cast	subdue	judge	accept	at	reprove	needs	perform	comfort	repent	also	whet	answer	even	draw	finish	famish	appoint	remember	bind	without	command	hear	
known	hearkened	obeyed	heard	kept	i	spoken	the	seen	found	been	done	sinned	walked	sent	always	charity	made	commanded	eaten	a	wickedly	shewed	hid	refrained	delivered	concealed	received	danced	set	dwelt	bowed	believed	called	gone	sought	so	all	departed	cried	caused	fins	forsaken	discovered	committed	wrought	chosen	regarded	,	answered	touched	defiled	attained	troubled	his	accepted	served	works	shed	transgressed	preached	trodden	hastened	said	wholly	prevailed	enough	shunned	burned	cleansed	?	told	we	run	power	written	[	come	grieved	wept	strawed	changed	forgotten	asked	followed	blessed	your	passed	taken	:	separated	faith	inclined	rejected	hurt	appointed	this	submitted	cast	visited	repented	proved	an	performed	yet	sat	rather	injured	used	profited	looked	lamented	left	
]	a	the	not	able	come	gone	like	risen	in	,	lord	dead	guilty	.	made	judged	righteous	old	cast	filled	become	of	:	hungry	excepted	tempted	overwhelmed	before	profitable	anointed	torn	fled	pursuing	his	exalted	none	hid	killed	chastened	clothed	warned	found	born	our	christ	god	exceeding	drawn	;	cleansed	shut	eating	sold	quite	put	on	about	greatly	waited	among	raised	comforted	brought	betrayed	your	despised	lunatick	passed	taken	both	girded	antichrist	convinced	gracious	kind	glorified	offended	near	called	lodged	turned	mine	an	escaped	talking	at	faithful	divided	beside	pure	tried	evil	utterly	nothing	proud	well	left	
done	to	not	spoken	given	made	seen	taken	found	been	begotten	kept	also	cried	hated	written	declared	set	desired	brought	offended	sent	sworn	now	dried	put	received	raised	slain	commanded	loved	heard	leaped	called	sinned	caused	forsaken	committed	yet	defrauded	chosen	had	hewed	suffered	hope	wrestled	righteousness	none	hid	lost	counselled	payed	oppressed	observed	said	opened	laid	drawn	told	rolled	gathered	here	recompensed	anointed	forgotten	shewed	lifted	beheaded	strived	poured	succoured	more	formed	hurt	known	sustained	wearied	gone	proved	helped	sought	purchased	in	need	any	no	uttered	smitten	conceived	prepared	revealed	required	thought	left	
and	[	that	the	saying	he	which	but	or	having	shall	from	hallowed	whom	neither	shalt	might	who	nor	all	strengthening	shouldest	saith	as	perfect	what	burning	for	till	come	whereof	2	5	6	clothed	24	sweareth	wheat	above	prepared	let	they	not	now	with	great	38	14	thou	thence	o	i	so	tempting	were	where	shineth	preach	
is	was	it	that	be	himself	shall	of	who	to	then	not	receiveth	
and	for	but	[	he	that	10	24	)	therefore	19	i	the	or	lest	it	20	when	2	neither	4	14	all	yea	thus	jerahmeel	if	25	26	23	(	whereas	intending	3	whom	only	5	which	9	joseph	then	his	zabad	insomuch	destroy	nor	thy	of	31	according	thine	so	male	
,	'	shall	and	.	with	:	were	for	that	laid	;	did	had	in	from	smote	to	?	[	by	the	have	should	unto	judges	anointed	come	washed	esau	isaac	until	be	offered	not	also	made	carried	eat	went	inheritance	walked	thou	fallen	came	
be	the	death	anger	babylon	his	jerusalem	wife	eat	make	do	day	scorn	put	speak	jealousy	drink	rest	go	smite	fall	jesus	powder	ask	come	depart	give	whom	me	ride	an	have	keep	feed	all	help	tarry	bring	sleep	build	prosper	touch	thee	reproach	yield	bless	continue	cease	scorch	shave	afflict	prophesy	battle	see	lachish	wander	confirm	pontius	discretion	cause	herod	never	david	swear	stand	joshua	dine	egypt	walk	their	bury	esau	fight	gihon	tell	life	serve	lift	hear	my	reconcile	slay	them	jehu	lie	caesar	enquire	take	sin	draw	suck	thy	
and	[	to	that	i	as	saying	when	but	let	o	so	the	my	in	which	who	thou	because	god	neither	be	hast	nor	he	thy	having	all	fearing	saith	go	dost	even	for	shall	wherein	how	behold	more	after	ye	took	whether	now	with	10	endeavoured	no	this	wherefore	these	she	though	47	
the	a	his	prison	jerusalem	,	samaria	ward	hebron	her	peace	.	babylon	[	mount	truth	all	because	letters	swaddling	egypt	some	mine	an	dances	himself	sincerity	battle	love	abel	trouble	whom	god	commandment	ziklag	gath	sunder	;	many	store	abundance	israel	ramah	bands	jordan	padanaram	sending	great	glory	thy	horeb	chains	vestures	fetters	thine	time	baptism	my	
out	up	in	down	into	and	forth	to	,	through	.	his	away	on	unto	with	from	:	the	back	another	again	throughout	before	thither	forward	;	barefoot	after	not	a	about	against	round	
.	,	:	there	shall	[	;	was	to	in	'	is	jesus	may	seth	spread	called	among	noah	whosoever	out	jezreel	by	reuben	peresh	through	beriah	should	alone	er	one	simeon	from	for	judah	immanuel	before	moab	esau	benoni	that	joseph	ishmael	jah	jabez	isaac	gershom	moses	?	be	israel	perish	emmanuel	dan	samuel	shelah	jedidiah	naphtali	samson	obed	gad	zebulun	whereby	solomon	john	hath	together	asher	loammi	onan	enos	benammi	issachar	mahershalalhashbaz	
the	a	him	with	them	two	his	also	israel	an	fifty	,	it	ten	thereunto	high	himself	in	darkness	for	judah	thee	mention	known	]	boards	bars	old	hooks	all	ready	as	loops	chambers	narrowed	gedaliah	unto	before	twenty	six	havock	.	doors	under	chains	curtains	staves	[	king	windows	of	solomon	haste	many	me	
not	done	seen	to	made	found	here	forsaken	set	brought	also	reproached	laid	exalted	deceived	[	given	been	taken	entered	that	smitten	considered	afflicted	plentifully	chosen	troubled	ordained	increased	hid	killed	perceived	sacrificed	clothed	counselled	dealt	delivered	said	opened	written	honoured	filled	power	gathered	broken	served	put	faith	subdued	forgotten	lacked	eaten	shortened	marked	beguiled	gleaned	despised	poured	eyes	but	with	commanded	loved	stolen	cast	visited	rent	gone	thus	an	helped	heard	at	in	sought	sat	uttered	disquieted	conceived	prepared	utterly	prophesied	appealed	]	walked	thought	very	left	
and	7	2	8	10	12	24	21	28	3	4	16	19	18	25	20	1	9	14	26	6	11	17	31	30	32	27	22	48	5	after	39	13	35	52	54	ezekiel	29	62	numbers	23	46	(	43	40	john	salute	58	15	33	so	57	
,	[	eat	to	unto	evil	in	so	.	according	not	;	for	]	with	fly	on	wash	as	at	continually	predestinate	aforetime	neither	good	displeased	both	very	foreknow	hear	put	interpret	this	many	grind	pursue	gird	the	once	
,	.	:	;	israel	with	?	out	from	shall	together	over	an	through	in	slew	for	]	which	dwell	into	return	by	made	greatly	the	came	
,	.	the	and	;	:	an	by	two	[	with	were	came	talked	have	fourscore	saw	pitched	said	stood	'	to	away	had	also	therefore	?	be	shall	may	envied	believe	went	a	would	of	could	
fifty	thirty	twenty	threescore	fourscore	ten	twelve	seven	ninety	five	forty	eighteen	three	nineteen	nine	fifteen	eightieth	
,	.	;	:	to	in	heavy	at	for	be	full	upon	with	is	as	before	royal	three	take	justified	until	?	shall	after	mourning	arose	[	by	died	this	where	
,	.	the	:	;	that	said	unto	to	with	and	for	shall	[	carried	came	love	at	go	conspired	stood	come	ships	answered	therefore	passed	was	told	whispered	which	ye	spake	met	arose	coming	from	by	wept	'	did	will	things	
and	11	20	21	7	8	12	3	2	6	9	4	24	5	16	18	19	10	15	43	25	22	23	29	14	13	17	so	32	zephaniah	62	if	26	27	45	40	to	john	58	33	31	30	36	34	
,	.	came	were	asked	said	to	:	went	heard	and	into	say	also	that	remembered	[	?	prayed	followed	among	saith	murmured	at	follow	plucked	saw	answered	began	;	over	sent	come	eat	word	james	believed	first	
'	,	.	said	;	:	that	knew	took	made	called	and	saith	taught	in	sarah	what	answered	leah	to	was	mary	be	shall	lay	crowned	]	by	kept	comforteth	marvelled	
been	seen	the	given	sent	done	,	spoken	left	god	eaten	pitied	turned	performed	power	dealt	kept	sinned	where	called	dedicated	flesh	appeared	fins	forsaken	one	cursed	ceased	beheld	kissed	any	my	despised	failed	chosen	revealed	yet	spread	wrought	defiled	taken	drawn	suffered	.	known	told	obtained	laboured	risen	shall	oppressed	appointed	attained	rinsed	withdrawn	put	[	come	grieved	defied	directed	received	planted	thy	life	brought	david	cast	hearkened	filled	lifted	believed	withholden	works	restored	
,	.	'	;	:	is	[	philip	in	should	whom	benjamin	with	by	king	came	an	escaped	have	abel	slew	unto	out	their	pursued	esau	abideth	lot	was	sin	amnon	casting	shall	sold	helem	jacob	a	asaph	of	also	without	
the	away	[	him	up	it	a	them	his	all	with	bread	one	unto	out	her	]	to	an	me	not	hold	also	and	joshua	rebekah	ten	violently	some	thereof	eighteen	in	paul	peter	again	their	six	,	geshur	jeremiah	on	counsel	water	courage	maachah	butter	about	agag	of	three	leah	
,	.	to	was	is	:	[	that	bringeth	'	shall	;	be	upon	at	gathereth	fretteth	before	from	faithful	obstinate	may	ye	after	taketh	]	died	made	think	will	turn	greatly	trembled	
the	and	that	[	i	which	shall	saying	behold	in	if	god	how	they	surely	because	consider	blessed	go	even	from	their	send	hearken	cause	be	who	hear	doth	neither	he	a	14	of	o	will	my	
the	stones	his	a	all	their	thy	fetters	an	chains	thee	them	one	bread	glory	my	psalms	throwing	hard	shame	oil	timbrels	our	burnt	your	thongs	whom	stringed	two	tears	much	john	fire	sorrow	garments	eight	[	]	silver	great	pestilence	guile	thanksgiving	purple	rigour	twenty	grass	clothes	
,	;	.	:	unto	'	and	[	looked	in	said	shall	elisabeth	drusilla	hath	naomi	even	again	had	abigail	also	loveth	priscilla	which	sent	conceived	hid	with	a	stirred	for	did	of	jehudijah	came	
be	give	die	eat	go	take	minister	depart	please	have	establish	live	not	bring	see	set	make	come	dwell	do	redeem	declare	sum	judge	rest	sleep	abide	carry	find	cut	appear	prepare	perform	seek	run	testify	send	prolong	exalt	avenge	instruct	save	cause	sift	return	offer	serve	devour	teach	flee	interpret	incline	receive	stablish	bestow	bless	withdraw	learn	dip	say	know	
an	,	a	.	in	them	for	him	:	gedaliah	;	to	with	this	governor	there	intercession	it	insurrection	ready	before	also	enquiry	peace	you	was	themselves	his	that	savoury	man	the	saul	
it	of	that	them	him	thereof	this	these	me	even	thee	is	say	us	you	was	those	
to	,	and	out	unto	down	near	into	in	thither	with	up	nigh	forth	home	.	even	apace	from	therefore	again	upon	[	by	
unto	[	to	,	this	wickedly	all	in	evil	according	:	it	abominable	these	for	very	thee	among	one	trespass	as	good	amiss	mischief	drinking	no	judgment	since	.	foolishly	;	sacrifice	?	after	eating	worse	that	perversely	truly	virtuously	altogether	nothing	]	violence	against	iniquity	the	
and	he	[	that	but	saying	because	if	the	above	not	or	fearing	saith	is	as	even	what	said	for	to	god	though	how	seeketh	which	neither	then	defileth	festus	supposing	nor	14	according	she	lest	
messengers	to	them	unto	him	forth	out	the	and	for	away	his	a	,	joab	another	eliakim	again	from	other	me	two	all	letters	into	ambassadors	peter	darkness	judah	young	by	moses	hadoram	prophets	fire	after	every	shaphan	]	abroad	redemption	her	of	divers	
me	you	thee	us	to	unto	it	him	rest	them	his	[	a	riches	up	all	himself	her	forth	assurance	understanding	]	meat	of	will	occasions	the	
unto	,	by	to	.	also	of	in	a	these	against	this	concerning	with	and	within	as	unadvisedly	before	three	:	plain	that	kindly	boldly	many	the	
great	charge	son	little	thousand	sign	woman	wife	piece	serpent	liar	stone	man	king	name	right	dagger	people	feast	penny	rod	young	trespass	dumb	booth	railing	captain	well	light	mist	potsherd	purple	sum	scorpion	question	lamp	commandment	few	certain	new	centurion	cunning	scarlet	sure	mess	time	nation	band	white	mouth	concubine	supper	[	copy	day	reward	word	coat	prophet	tree	father	chamber	place	double	
]	with	a	scattered	rebellious	in	given	before	made	taught	done	my	very	sold	as	now	there	partial	stout	spoken	stoned	all	an	brought	slain	set	mighty	sought	still	occupied	afflicted	throughly	cut	pulled	since	young	long	killed	to	planted	defiled	partakers	commended	here	much	by	broken	withholden	baptized	utterly	put	enlightened	accepted	,	like	kept	carried	always	consumed	fulfilled	burdensome	called	deceived	
need	part	pleasure	inheritance	power	rest	delight	man	king	certain	son	pasture	brethren	knowledge	master	bread	sin	more	shepherd	child	pity	root	portion	husband	burial	right	helper	cloke	wall	such	faith	confidence	end	favour	commandment	fellowship	other	way	might	hope	life	greater	mercy	joy	company	understanding	dealings	damage	[	hurt	silver	daughter	name	room	place	kinsman	reward	changes	wine	
unto	,	to	.	also	among	all	himself	shall	]	not	cometh	true	
of	the	that	,	[	from	a	thy	with	.	him	how	their	his	thee	and	all	say	done	out	what	evil	by	reproach	many	
not	have	come	he	give	shew	say	go	fain	grant	destroy	send	answer	do	heal	dwell	depart	prophesy	tarry	recover	blot	raise	thrust	increase	also	surely	call	:	suffer	touch	deliver	accomplish	let	put	eat	keep	cast	awake	
the	all	,	thy	and	a	[	an	what	.	under	with	him	this	god	;	his	me	also	my	folly	vain	some	any	her	to	their	strange	:	that	thee	yesterday	evil	how	nothing	vanity	for	i	violence	thine	servants	
,	.	of	were	and	which	that	in	:	also	for	with	to	shall	through	are	;	where	came	
6	and	3	7	9	10	15	2	19	27	21	5	11	17	16	24	20	23	29	8	39	13	12	18	31	25	22	28	4	then	luke	59	14	48	the	
,	.	;	:	and	in	with	covered	[	toward	there	as	bare	at	even	from	caught	therewith	to	was	his	that	upon	reach	fall	grow	a	like	shall	began	
,	to	:	;	toward	from	.	as	unto	before	shone	was	?	[	with	into	in	evermore	again	no	continually	between	shall	upon	now	shine	about	did	
the	his	him	all	ishbosheth	every	it	joab	joseph	jehoiachin	ephraim	john	joshua	gold	lebanon	elisha	any	samaria	dagon	damascus	them	jonah	those	christ	sheba	syria	
thee	a	them	[	the	it	an	me	him	thy	my	ready	with	abimelech	,	their	his	known	all	gold	lies	esau	;	our	themselves	your	unto	her	.	you	:	void	shipwreck	touching	goodly	provision	princes	will	supplication	abram	
me	the	them	him	in	forth	all	down	out	also	up	into	back	jesus	quails	simeon	from	to	aaron	:	his	upon	it	not	[	us	streams	
and	,	him	them	me	nothing	discreetly	for	her	one	unto	
,	.	:	and	was	which	shall	fell	by	hath	saith	is	it	not	as	said	also	since	had	to	teacheth	;	sent	returned	witnesseth	[	this	descended	came	
3	8	9	11	12	20	4	13	17	16	22	23	2	7	then	15	19	32	30	18	this	daniel	112	ecclesiastes	52	24	25	26	21	29	1	5	6	jeremiah	song	job	70	isaiah	10	14	31	35	34	33	so	psalm	
and	o	let	i	ye	nor	saith	but	or	all	[	the	love	unto	slow	to	lord	that	they	than	receive	hear	
word	words	sound	voice	wisdom	law	prayer	instruction	right	bleatings	church	rebuke	earth	melody	heavens	groaning	cry	conclusion	song	corn	man	counsel	bruit	small	
,	;	:	.	in	
and	7	15	10	12	8	[	or	26	27	i	5	shall	who	but	they	he	11	14	16	19	18	because	yea	till	notwithstanding	ecclesiastes	even	for	23	46	28	29	mark	whether	6	be	saith	whatsoever	13	49	37	21	will	33	32	
.	,	:	into	in	to	a	see	unto	again	;	be	that	one	warning	go	beforetime	for	since	live	approach	?	after	power	guiltless	spare	put	come	leave	whence	become	
words	ass	money	second	children	same	way	seventh	blood	name	third	chief	sadducees	seven	pound	interpretation	pledge	people	fury	tidings	crown	number	nail	keepers	plagues	battle	false	oftener	city	debt	disciples	space	pharisees	covenant	two	other	sword	instruments	lord	worth	porter	kingdom	buildings	form	nature	elders	beasts	fruits	parable	gate	word	copy	eighth	present	throne	fatted	great	land	daughter	princes	iniquity	coat	brother	daily	morning	place	victory	truth	mother	whole	book	
and	[	that	in	wood	lest	as	which	neither	he	the	all	because	burning	saith	wherewith	have	68	to	therefore	8	eternal	but	they	with	i	31	thou	without	
me	thee	us	the	my	known	him	man	a	them	his	with	you	all	it	an	insurrection	bare	governor	in	even	her	judah	crooked	herself	peace	,	;	that	ruler	of	jordan	[	women	both	room	this	plain	solomon	many	every	
me	the	you	them	my	her	thy	thee	their	him	balaam	israel	his	all	this	us	our	
and	[	or	who	all	because	saith	as	forasmuch	if	from	(	when	to	which	neither	that	not	nor	he	guiding	the	my	
not	?	brought	done	made	to	offered	never	sold	set	drunk	bound	healed	understood	beguiled	sought	seen	rewarded	saved	your	conspired	said	any	laid	taken	suffered	pity	dealt	here	broken	[	]	ruled	a	received	reproached	asked	cast	forgotten	called	bereaved	
,	.	:	;	in	[	shall	devoured	and	is	as	go	unto	again	for	that	to	goeth	was	?	more	upon	water	keepeth	calleth	were	transgresseth	went	speaketh	craveth	
be	not	give	have	make	do	die	go	pay	repent	offer	hold	bring	exceed	depart	forbid	multiply	carry	still	lie	curse	rather	live	choose	destroy	glorify	return	touch	shew	ask	defy	rise	delight	accomplish	smite	come	eat	after	search	sanctify	gather	put	leave	deceive	enter	offend	commit	
,	'	:	.	;	in	money	an	cometh	ignorantly	!	secretly	wrong	to	under	shall	drink	unawares	next	sinneth	findeth	[	with	unwittingly	spreadeth	
be	bring	destroy	know	have	make	deliver	not	see	perform	receive	sanctify	fulfil	gather	reconcile	go	rid	trust	seek	find	fill	even	prove	comfort	send	fight	live	betray	cause	salute	take	preserve	run	loose	bear	water	redeem	let	judge	eat	present	shew	die	humble	put	instruct	become	conveniently	
was	for	that	to	be	shall	were	is	are	also	pertained	with	it	one	as	in	cometh	any	again	what	away	ought	them	his	ruler	but	such	by	a	my	came	
voice	words	word	noise	sound	fame	tidings	number	murmurings	saying	groaning	angel	people	blasphemy	telling	second	salutation	check	defaming	secret	pride	desire	king	report	law	reproach	man	third	slander	
the	it	he	they	jesus	i	saying	david	naboth	there	thou	balaam	abner	adonijah	peter	any	archelaus	samaria	jeroboam	uriah	,	nabal	john	hezekiah	we	his	jeremiah	every	antichrist	saul	
,	'	:	that	.	;	and	rent	rose	for	of	asked	came	among	is	ananias	in	standing	said	stood	entereth	answered	which	taken	descended	over	?	then	after	arose	alone	doth	became	so	the	
,	[	.	to	were	:	shall	upon	as	and	on	from	open	behold	;	like	began	are	
21	20	12	2	6	11	10	15	14	17	19	28	41	5	4	9	18	33	and	42	63	65	52	24	25	26	27	22	23	1	3	7	selah	90	13	55	31	30	51	34	48	
them	him	[	unto	to	a	none	up	her	also	judgment	me	his	]	the	joshua	gold	some	good	sight	their	three	commandment	moses	testimony	five	not	ear	us	heed	each	
.	to	,	for	unto	speaking	with	evil	this	many	these	the	all	right	it	in	wisely	before	giving	also	;	:	good	displeased	that	drinking	]	him	great	no	so	circumcising	passing	
the	man	pharaoh	a	david	them	this	flesh	god	fools	his	him	thy	all	egypt	kings	absalom	her	unbelief	their	judas	men	asa	]	titus	
this	,	shall	to	[	unto	for	all	?	great	in	wickedly	that	.	:	them	despite	shamefully	what	whatsoever	marvellous	;	evil	excellent	nothing	you	he	a	these	us	
,	in	.	;	had	:	be	'	shall	knew	have	
]	carried	sick	a	done	with	dead	as	in	there	brought	of	the	drunken	twelve	often	mindful	scales	healed	seen	at	ambassadors	any	better	no	plucked	content	recommended	much	good	sold	weak	driven	hid	faultless	now	fled	blind	he	possessed	slain	
them	you	to	unto	thee	him	it	the	into	your	my	rest	ar	themselves	for	]	children	their	a	esther	jacob	with	me	thy	mount	life	order	
and	for	but	the	22	also	they	he	so	forget	be	is	wherefore	yet	27	28	repent	5	ethan	7	do	that	deliver	let	16	i	18	30	as	thou	her	
,	.	from	?	that	ahijah	unto	moses	:	elijah	with	joshua	three	brought	at	said	'	there	to	lodge	was	hezekiah	israel	jonah	jacob	;	zimri	john	david	
]	not	able	jealous	a	clean	pleased	found	burnt	constant	thirsty	an	brought	slain	in	.	unto	taken	christ	angry	fruitful	attired	to	praised	defiled	exalted	lord	until	filled	missing	very	poorer	favourable	weary	with	grieved	great	wise	broken	gotten	as	thought	of	the	called	charged	
the	heaven	israel	midian	hadarezer	them	a	sisera	judah	god	pharaoh	fighting	hazor	hadadezer	syria	
.	:	,	shall	in	
the	forth	his	them	upon	[	on	all	out	down	in	a	garrisons	among	into	an	before	darkness	no	away	to	five	]	up	us	clay	
and	therefore	they	for	[	18	42	it	28	open	when	3	41	also	only	5	4	9	far	13	but	he	11	39	12	15	14	thy	16	19	32	30	37	36	34	i	so	the	
against	,	:	.	a	greatly	in	;	and	already	without	this	!	with	?	
,	.	that	not	to	a	in	the	power	when	seated	will	also	which	:	than	whom	
,	upon	.	on	were	in	shall	:	[	toward	]	together	and	against	wrought	unto	from	make	wittingly	spread	;	?	be	full	that	waxed	formed	refuse	fulfilled	the	
the	all	their	them	men	a	zebah	sinners	his	zerubbabel	ten	sinful	messengers	paul	fellowship	esau	strangers	aaron	barnabas	evildoers	spoilers	elijah	[	him	those	man	asaph	artificers	my	
been	known	done	circumcised	much	come	died	had	obtained	many	gone	set	proved	caused	heard	executed	respect	yet	appealed	given	shewed	pillars	to	worshipped	moses	cleansed	sent	consented	sinned	displeased	prepared	eaten	[	hold	on	made	sanctified	plowed	fallen	put	thought	cast	found	the	repaired	first	
,	.	:	as	with	like	to	in	[	and	behind	all	shall	into	were	;	part	not	until	
lord	issue	seven	son	sharp	arm	witness	curse	eye	jew	father	oppressor	temple	poor	greater	rain	caterpiller	key	cankerworm	king	wise	light	cheek	locust	bride	
the	his	them	for	[	to	it	unto	him	one	their	gehazi	abimelech	esau	hastily	you	that	lazarus	every	two	not	,	her	together	night	
[	unto	in	,	.	lies	of	against	to	vanity	and	concerning	shall	proudly	lying	words	evil	:	come	;	
the	that	a	him	[	concerning	them	jesus	her	his	in	what	simon	their	there	,	.	also	other	:	ought	me	israel	it	levi	many	no	james	
and	which	that	[	whose	whom	knowing	thou	being	beckoning	as	unto	what	lo	signifying	when	willing	take	lord	was	casting	ye	nor	knowest	o	these	shall	the	
.	shall	for	,	is	:	;	a	to	in	from	far	abhorreth	whatsoever	[	]	?	
not	given	done	that	hid	removed	]	seen	quickened	covered	recompensed	thrown	made	sent	gone	set	spoken	respect	brought	openly	in	established	said	no	smitten	appeared	filled	obtained	turned	reconciled	imparted	[	appointed	mercy	kept	gotten	cast	dealt	
and	for	but	because	neither	he	lest	see	if	25	23	43	40	also	6	his	whose	upon	[	by	11	i	33	or	
and	whom	[	whither	in	which	that	among	saith	arise	as	to	shall	neither	then	his	who	they	such	he	a	i	o	thou	she	the	
said	with	]	done	[	already	is	to	hid	a	among	declared	mindful	rebellious	heard	taught	at	in	seen	evidently	witness	tamed	secretly	plainly	able	,	by	also	poured	worth	more	his	sold	testified	sore	ashamed	winnowed	about	made	lost	this	no	proud	chief	determined	
to	again	in	
,	.	[	;	upon	:	delivered	doth	for	shall	be	give	out	gave	
shall	wilt	[	will	,	?	]	refuse	halt	is	.	dost	have	
of	.	;	:	?	a	on	from	for	windows	,	free	to	throughout	unto	
.	,	:	again	to	;	where	on	help	for	any	of	shall	know	which	by	round	?	
,	to	into	from	seven	at	:	a	for	.	unto	in	;	?	on	upon	[	with	out	
me	to	his	him	forth	us	comforters	unto	thee	,	.	empty	lions	ishmael	in	speaketh	with	out	
unto	,	.	this	these	he	that	to	:	of	before	by	
hand	foot	eye	thigh	mind	finger	ear	]	
,	unto	in	.	:	of	against	will	to	that	concerning	well	
[	,	.	concerning	in	to	:	of	unto	;	evil	against	blasphemy	it	we	good	after	by	a	this	without	once	
known	been	kept	remembered	asked	withheld	brought	given	denied	told	made	gone	pardoned	lied	pitied	laboured	forsaken	sown	defrauded	hated	shewed	suffered	shut	fainted	obeyed	withholden	found	humbled	strawed	thou	sinned	walked	called	hearkened	let	
the	a	his	egypt	her	thy	this	prison	my	stubble	their	holds	some	mine	asia	thine	[	
me	an	us	heaven	thee	him	the	my	all	known	thy	summer	desolate	before	for	judah	,	to	;	void	a	them	his	shall	great	of	
place	portion	is	things	one	offerings	
and	but	because	[	then	for	i	it	there	2	therefore	7	6	9	8	do	ye	peradventure	nor	he	12	15	14	
.	,	:	in	;	for	of	childless	according	not	by	unto	before	
husband	,	.	neighbours	not	in	:	ass	head	wings	face	body	whoredoms	drive	hair	as	children	perfect	knees	by	away	royal	forth	friend	hands	friends	age	up	bed	sides	
,	.	;	rent	in	shall	also	not	
son	good	few	strong	desire	great	matter	place	stubborn	levite	binding	sabbath	second	vow	message	perfect	little	law	solemn	convenient	father	paddle	custom	commandment	secret	master	white	friend	building	prosperous	song	watch	goodly	man	king	reward	zeal	light	plague	baptism	vision	quarrel	
,	.	:	upon	to	?	[	and	prosperous	preserveth	rejoicing	into	shall	have	in	;	unto	therefore	
,	.	'	:	is	hath	to	be	may	[	heard	and	out	!	said	nabal	was	disallowed	arose	altogether	doth	with	liveth	were	went	abram	
done	seen	,	not	any	afflicted	borne	delivered	made	dealt	shed	set	vexed	both	discovered	committed	feared	forced	given	shewed	uttered	which	provoked	closed	defiled	offered	forgotten	stumbled	taken	hid	[	loved	humbled	privily	visited	
the	him	me	thee	thy	egypt	them	[	edom	manasseh	all	his	her	judah	us	it	thine	jerusalem	my	
20	2	5	4	16	48	7	6	9	10	13	12	15	14	17	psalm	65	66	26	23	46	42	3	8	job	59	11	33	higgaion	30	36	
[	and	from	.	clean	toward	;	he	
upon	on	,	.	also	]	
from	,	.	?	unto	:	was	shall	enjoy	is	within	alive	an	hath	clave	dainty	draweth	[	when	desireth	be	hateth	with	of	
of	,	to	.	in	and	from	for	coming	?	came	
,	.	;	:	shall	[	past	despiseth	are	judgment	unto	before	
42	24	26	27	22	23	44	28	9	13	31	36	35	all	20	21	45	29	40	18	3	5	7	12	they	10	38	15	14	17	19	32	30	51	34	these	48	
charge	name	seven	face	withered	mark	oversight	land	bag	dominion	golden	set	dropsy	people	promises	scarlet	second	sharp	earth	trumpet	children	legion	sentence	wound	tabernacle	churches	power	palsy	likeness	line	cities	daughter	mastery	
the	his	all	their	whom	manasseh	a	her	hatred	that	life	,	you	paul	himself	them	many	quick	;	my	
shall	[	that	is	had	to	was	will	named	brought	hath	bringeth	delivered	perished	justified	exalteth	rebelled	himself	took	spare	reap	gained	glorified	did	up	walked	having	descended	called	
,	.	from	;	to	:	should	is	will	as	according	at	in	before	[	out	
and	for	then	but	the	rejoice	her	yea	loose	ye	yet	thou	as	they	11	now	tell	he	
away	the	hold	strange	nothing	her	upon	captive	in	root	your	out	from	no	,	.	cedars	any	thee	evil	vengeance	him	of	up	us	my	crafty	
them	thee	upon	the	him	it	down	this	all	into	an	unto	again	hither	no	away	guiltiness	their	you	good	[	about	agag	up	us	
be	ye	not	the	say	[	he	receive	they	glory	do	god	never	inherit	thrust	mourn	have	offend	flee	
the	their	jacob	them	these	oreb	leviathan	lions	[	thousands	your	
the	his	galilee	heaven	among	athaliah	mine	year	cornelius	death	generation	going	gath	gerar	reigning	elijah	every	[	]	him	me	off	baale	shittim	
no	a	an	not	nests	counsel	none	there	in	few	cattle	tender	yet	any	for	peace	,	goats	their	you	war	we	to	of	great	five	nothing	judgment	i	many	double	the	distresses	
the	a	no	eight	an	in	said	three	very	by	being	sackcloth	nothing	another	out	ability	upon	none	they	not	with	zimri	of	greaves	against	mahanaim	
unto	quench	see	break	called	shave	among	be	crowned	in	fear	speak	make	.	spoken	only	take	then	answer	;	do	his	heal	enter	most	hear	lay	put	diminish	with	afterward	pull	made	of	remove	leave	cast	learn	root	
,	and	.	:	which	to	;	dwelleth	]	[	are	
a	righteousness	the	her	ever	his	all	them	an	adonijah	fear	evermore	any	envy	their	.	to	thy	thirty	herodias	servants	my	
blemish	devil	familiar	sacrifice	controversy	running	certain	bountiful	purse	mighty	doctrine	perverse	revelation	revolting	vineyard	place	froward	flat	nation	pleasant	]	man	great	wife	servant	psalm	dumb	tongue	dream	
the	[	them	his	you	me	him	a	moses	gedaliah	jerusalem	areopagus	athens	achish	joseph	pharaoh	evil	antioch	jehoiakim	pilate	her	david	
wall	son	vineyard	thousand	spirit	name	golden	withered	spear	mind	vow	file	steward	fair	young	long	few	fig	friend	very	sister	fat	bow	delight	concubine	pair	king	great	face	servant	perpetual	well	brother	controversy	portion	priest	kinsman	dream	quarrel	
the	all	him	me	thee	my	his	your	us	jesus	thy	that	god	it	their	galilee	[	
the	them	to	him	thee	,	our	you	joshua	me	his	these	israel	by	their	mehuman	us	a	[	
his	all	the	samuel	amaziah	certain	four	they	[	
the	from	him	out	strange	his	counsel	up	and	ai	it	our	her	.	to	under	:	spoil	[	bethshemesh	with	of	security	
not	to	in	obeyed	spoken	brought	heard	done	seen	afflicted	given	despised	from	inheritance	,	been	polluted	vineyard	sent	robbed	confidence	prepared	hid	eaten	]	wearied	of	no	through	fasted	hearkened	?	dealt	found	waited	
4	9	13	12	5	7	6	8	10	14	16	because	malachi	24	27	20	3	2	but	58	11	15	17	19	30	53	zechariah	amos	
and	who	which	with	the	king	like	abner	had	upon	took	against	until	to	as	in	[	unto	
the	altars	an	,	it	in	chambers	unto	castles	therewith	there	high	even	again	twenty	fenced	also	much	his	towers	elath	tadmor	cities	a	up	bethhoron	eloth	
thee	before	up	their	the	her	my	[	a	them	judgment	with	there	keepers	.	watchmen	at	in	it	gins	thyself	
,	in	shall	with	;	a	be	run	did	the	is	upon	.	!	through	are	[	came	
sons	comforter	children	power	child	lack	rest	business	more	root	husband	son	need	knowledge	war	compassion	leisure	understanding	pity	glory	depth	small	pleasure	deepness	
,	.	shall	[	;	among	from	to	:	was	and	on	with	into	that	!	above	covered	?	he	
the	up	a	his	it	captains	judges	meat	all	masons	shadrach	three	threescore	[	ephraim	him	before	
and	21	4	10	18	45	5	13	17	24	20	3	6	8	genesis	38	59	[	11	12	so	16	19	31	30	36	psalm	
grace	favour	the	no	a	david	[	,	any	him	that	this	thee	me	water	their	my	out	
to	,	in	into	shall	forth	with	not	;	unto	out	and	up	leaping	home	the	
seek	know	make	build	do	all	give	hebron	bring	fear	hate	lie	perform	visit	destroy	approach	perceive	understanding	understand	judge	sing	[	believe	sanctify	this	gather	pray	despair	the	
unto	,	this	.	foolishly	?	[	great	right	against	well	it	deeds	evil	to	as	wonderful	;	:	
,	;	shall	.	greater	for	as	above	[	:	is	upon	down	at	in	unto	
rule	gods	preeminence	charge	oversight	poor	light	testimony	gates	right	mind	fifth	knowledge	inhabitants	workers	two	same	keys	men	passover	petitions	spirit	great	like	days	tithes	bridegroom	linen	dominion	gospel	firstfruits	accusers	
twenty	three	eleven	sixteen	thirty	over	in	seventeen	fifty	forty	,	eight	two	one	a	seven	nine	
earth	the	in	heaven	a	
shall	,	for	after	[	unto	:	.	and	among	should	is	begging	brought	also	remaineth	were	throughout	with	
in	,	against	to	by	.	with	unto	even	:	from	is	up	exceedingly	followed	;	bringeth	more	
more	less	owest	better	then	rather	evil	also	every	she	sorer	]	
that	[	the	,	and	of	in	what	all	his	how	only	therefore	many	out	
we	i	they	he	ye	it	this	then	his	pharaoh	god	not	the	
unto	these	to	this	,	.	good	the	every	of	such	;	one	with	by	
is	of	was	join	shall	that	against	to	there	upon	it	should	will	are	went	
and	[	a	if	seven	his	holiness	clothed	upon	all	speckled	set	they	he	neither	nor	
,	.	[	was	for	shall	stand	and	all	over	there	ruleth	becometh	;	
and	footmen	chosen	men	.	,	talents	mighty	on	choice	rams	valiant	lambs	thousand	;	
and	[	because	which	whose	none	rich	thy	covering	thou	shall	36	who	yet	i	that	every	she	6	the	he	
and	he	25	for	but	the	what	from	14	thou	i	whereof	yea	till	as	so	a	which	neither	[	
and	for	she	therefore	24	from	17	be	cause	but	as	they	arise	9	take	[	before	come	
'	,	and	in	a	said	would	shall	had	disallow	.	hear	utterly	;	:	with	disallowed	
.	,	:	;	out	shall	waste	from	with	come	they	before	
and	[	that	from	i	o	jesus	5	at	which	with	the	
him	the	.	moses	,	to	:	by	his	noah	all	in	them	you	[	unto	before	
the	that	his	things	those	these	people	nations	their	sick	night	[	
,	was	is	.	;	shall	]	!	the	for	with	away	did	?	[	:	burned	
the	[	him	all	a	.	me	standing	an	went	should	concerning	what	,	;	in	before	
the	force	night	a	and	myself	himself	that	god	craft	laying	his	provoking	baptism	him	
the	and	behold	[	i	consider	if	turn	because	one	as	in	yet	even	again	there	zion	though	after	ye	let	ask	my	
the	he	by	a	on	all	beyond	christ	i	god	afterward	,	david	thou	not	so	they	in	it	our	jesus	
,	went	that	.	came	were	be	gat	rose	remained	upon	walked	compassed	of	burned	passed	[	on	round	
had	warred	may	made	might	went	hath	maketh	said	would	reigned	laid	fought	seeketh	sware	entered	was	recovered	buildeth	spake	met	loved	
and	[	or	that	saith	upon	when	but	wherein	also	every	until	they	teaching	the	out	
,	and	from	.	out	against	early	immediately	
away	a	hold	against	the	counsel	any	from	this	of	none	.	increase	venison	an	off	you	him	vengeance	
not	thence	from	,	.	into	out	and	again	to	with	
and	for	but	the	26	12	23	this	there	michael	3	his	4	they	not	2	behold	if	
him	them	thanks	[	the	a	his	up	thee	michal	rest	by	to	commandments	deliverance	all	such	:	
the	jerusalem	all	joy	thy	this	god	hewn	achzib	israel	your	their	ashkelon	clay	our	[	ivory	
.	,	:	be	wisdom	at	;	with	?	more	
5	9	22	28	4	6	13	15	they	philippians	if	26	27	)	29	2	7	8	selah	12	14	16	19	50	so	
,	.	'	shall	hath	?	;	the	:	said	heard	have	saw	[	unto	saul	
the	give	do	his	hold	heaven	set	resist	bring	in	lead	slay	their	destroy	alter	drink	heal	burn	kiss	fall	be	come	day	
me	the	my	thy	him	them	king	their	observers	thee	leah	your	ephron	moses	
,	to	in	.	leah	dinah	bilhah	unto	cometh	:	[	came	shalt	
and	for	in	19	before	24	turn	29	therefore	7	9	4	be	his	that	but	they	[	wait	i	try	thou	so	the	
the	a	lightnings	my	them	his	intercession	peace	it	inquisition	both	all	even	wars	me	sore	fire	small	
yourselves	thyself	the	their	do	your	fulfil	fables	false	jewish	my	me	walk	seducing	any	speak	
him	all	[	the	;	his	two	also	them	at	not	an	a	me	of	,	in	
,	be	shall	to	in	:	with	and	throughout	for	'	.	whom	are	which	[	went	;	forsake	
[	,	unto	the	for	shall	of	leavened	one	to	:	he	
he	a	the	[	his	thou	one	myself	many	concerning	it	an	good	touching	waters	before	thyself	
is	are	was	shall	and	to	upon	hath	in	with	
and	[	holy	so	temperate	let	for	acceptable	harmless	as	every	which	lord	the	whereunto	he	
,	.	that	:	?	do	they	shall	unto	was	is	abiding	were	through	came	which	runneth	[	]	;	
that	,	.	:	;	[	with	appointed	of	in	turned	at	which	?	out	
and	[	that	when	lest	which	wherewith	my	as	o	did	see	lamentation	so	but	they	go	satan	with	neither	nor	
them	me	into	the	him	thine	sisera	up	it	your	daniel	zebah	samson	you	my	us	
part	man	covering	vent	helper	money	fins	child	son	delight	power	preeminence	temptation	better	prey	sword	honour	place	more	form	joy	breasts	oblation	hands	strong	water	light	stalk	
.	,	which	[	;	before	and	trusteth	shall	is	cease	:	out	
,	:	of	.	which	live	are	;	]	
the	his	my	them	thee	him	your	zion	shield	her	this	instruction	it	us	one	every	tyre	
him	the	me	his	eternal	it	her	jesus	fire	my	folly	esau	one	other	john	hell	bow	judgment	
.	fornication	a	adultery	in	iniquity	against	an	lewdness	wickedness	any	unto	two	to	much	villany	whoredom	;	:	that	sins	nothing	
fixed	not	lifted	turned	as	far	ceased	overwhelmed	divided	faint	hot	enlarged	smitten	waxed	sore	merry	glad	a	made	inditing	like	privy	wounded	sorrowful	
is	was	she	had	halteth	bare	conceived	kept	i	sojourneth	halted	hath	travaileth	night	lieth	bringeth	escapeth	
me	them	the	all	him	his	zebah	
aside	and	himself	,	not	into	their	again	about	from	to	him	back	his	in	the	;	unto	
.	,	;	be	to	round	on	from	shall	together	will	in	
,	:	.	speedily	!	now	this	when	therefore	;	]	patiently	
you	:	thee	,	.	;	?	out	me	the	david	thy	their	this	him	to	before	jerusalem	
and	to	in	the	saying	his	from	one	joab	so	which	where	[	
me	the	thy	him	all	mine	our	my	
.	[	the	:	shall	also	be	edom	from	nebuchadnezzar	did	pharaohnechoh	judah	,	wherein	they	was	?	
the	this	,	therefore	now	him	me	indeed	.	not	my	
,	unto	with	out	and	against	mightily	also	so	aloud	the	by	
4	7	9	11	10	30	34	and	25	26	23	46	3	2	6	behold	38	15	14	17	19	37	35	psalm	
shekels	and	pieces	in	loaves	reeds	cubits	small	soldiers	children	
and	for	i	none	27	21	that	nevertheless	who	inasmuch	continually	thou	only	so	they	7	hear	neither	my	
the	no	not	nothing	an	a	great	his	god	.	much	many	friends	unto	he	
be	rejoice	not	sound	melt	live	meditate	depart	glory	fall	cry	utter	follow	fear	
,	unto	to	that	these	.	[	before	
me	him	us	them	[	a	great	no	this	commandment	to	unto	
voice	words	prayer	speeches	word	cry	speech	
unto	thee	to	for	with	me	a	them	from	their	this	among	mine	therefore	also	again	forth	him	out	
of	on	,	.	have	:	
him	them	her	the	you	his	high	mordecai	every	jesus	
the	them	his	him	moab	also	her	all	of	israel	it	their	thrice	[	peter	those	
[	me	that	the	say	them	this	of	him	.	their	musick	our	my	those	
no	destroyed	done	performed	set	nothing	executed	committed	betrothed	shewed	taken	more	rejoicing	compassion	sold	finished	put	[	removed	mercy	consumed	gored	rule	cast	
the	them	my	it	thy	us	their	
you	thee	,	me	his	us	.	them	him	thy	to	;	concerning	
name	spirit	habitation	temple	arm	prophets	place	hill	one	covenant	heaven	dwelling	apostles	promise	
,	will	[	shall	upon	be	of	is	within	at	;	round	?	out	
,	[	shall	.	;	yearly	is	:	
.	,	to	in	unto	:	be	shall	?	which	
as	and	that	to	[	saying	bare	crying	glory	ah	known	when	lest	let	7	not	hear	their	he	
them	him	their	forth	again	for	away	upon	israel	against	back	,	daniel	into	[	unto	out	
.	,	is	[	:	was	the	kindled	from	for	may	upon	against	
,	.	unto	in	:	that	the	
,	which	that	wherewith	.	offering	;	[	
the	it	iron	ivory	unicorns	your	
my	on	me	off	down	in	a	his	no	away	him	wisdom	their	[	themselves	
the	my	ever	a	his	me	love	pharaoh	us	joseph	thine	
,	.	endureth	:	that	unto	and	for	'	hath	which	;	remaineth	
,	[	;	together	spake	hath	in	:	
the	a	from	then	six	it	also	
,	:	.	against	before	like	in	were	are	fall	[	out	;	?	
the	of	,	their	[	a	mercy	grace	to	no	mine	your	more	
the	be	his	a	do	them	king	die	samuel	worship	david	take	god	go	work	seek	day	
'	,	.	said	when	return	answered	these	hath	hadadezer	commanded	;	:	was	doeth	came	
his	to	said	of	observe	in	keep	warned	the	
him	be	wife	me	thy	his	himself	her	that	thee	drink	eat	bahurim	another	go	commit	the	
in	,	'	.	a	said	precious	]	
the	it	his	israel	one	a	zion	her	heaven	
,	.	:	door	in	seven	there	had	beyond	unto	before	
not	[	the	that	nothing	what	thy	vain	,	any	their	them	our	afar	;	
upon	down	on	likewise	,	to	asleep	from	into	at	sick	[	:	
be	wash	come	eat	depart	die	tremble	it	inherit	go	not	become	now	boil	
,	not	;	in	.	:	also	without	under	
17	10	12	24	25	13	16	19	18	44	30	37	34	this	3	38	5	4	luke	9	therefore	
the	a	his	horseback	every	horses	fire	high	foot	
to	,	.	unto	again	:	from	cedars	there	upon	thither	through	at	in	headlong	out	
and	be	especially	sanctified	both	that	when	but	so	such	8	save	nor	
and	[	which	throughout	keeping	that	46	joined	at	beside	whom	mighty	arose	ready	out	he	
the	that	,	him	my	and	christ	thy	of	thee	who	surely	god	[	;	:	
,	.	[	shall	;	into	when	will	setteth	faileth	through	:	was	went	?	he	
and	to	27	she	home	[	with	before	
is	hath	soweth	received	raised	made	baptizeth	shall	converteth	had	stablisheth	should	searcheth	goeth	testifieth	cometh	was	persecuted	sat	
them	his	off	none	all	not	nothing	the	him	judaea	there	numbering	
,	and	which	from	to	;	with	
house	the	be	dwell	and	do	them	ramah	bethlehemjudah	gibeah	kill	lodging	meet	repair	fetch	
and	saying	thus	kings	this	ninety	hear	that	when	which	[	
,	.	and	;	:	for	shall	who	to	known	with	unto	he	
,	drawn	upon	;	:	again	from	girded	.	will	to	in	by	
it	the	babylon	he	she	sheshach	
up	a	the	upon	him	them	waste	help	for	their	privily	in	before	jerusalem	[	wait	
the	a	israel	his	eternal	their	your	glory	unjust	righteousness	you	salvation	him	man	
unto	to	,	:	.	
down	on	upon	at	in	with	thereon	that	by	[	him	
,	.	[	that	sixty	before	out	
and	that	[	be	saying	they	then	being	when	so	which	behold	
which	and	that	i	while	elijah	my	we	crying	but	to	saith	[	praying	
the	me	my	thy	your	all	these	thee	him	lies	
free	and	,	up	.	]	from	for	no	away	well	into	;	:	over	
faithful	my	a	displeased	assured	]	partaker	in	instructed	forsaken	weary	favourable	wroth	honourable	forgotten	upright	our	of	careful	afflicted	
thee	,	to	the	him	zion	for	judah	that	us	will	solomon	jacob	you	jerusalem	
,	and	together	;	shall	will	at	were	throughout	gave	
the	you	thee	me	his	your	him	their	our	
by	before	in	,	among	and	over	between	not	with	
,	to	.	into	free	in	;	
him	unto	them	to	me	from	her	away	,	messengers	captains	[	the	forth	
the	his	thee	me	be	thomas	simon	jerusalem	derbe	go	curse	upbraid	a	another	put	jehoram	[	speak	
a	the	his	sackcloth	us	them	stones	god	thick	it	pieces	cursing	ashes	ahaziah	[	him	
,	and	all	.	:	out	
and	to	from	like	16	that	cover	but	as	under	fall	[	by	
offerings	.	at	,	:	until	
lifted	not	hardened	tender	perfect	made	darkened	exalted	moved	turned	given	hot	merry	grieved	glad	
and	saith	o	neither	all	40	when	but	they	nor	
the	thee	mine	them	my	him	me	ages	solomon	thine	
and	
me	forth	up	us	thee	[	them	life	in	you	unto	
be	not	find	he	hold	get	teach	rise	ye	attain	release	destroy	the	save	strike	
,	:	that	.	in	with	;	by	?	
offering	.	be	shall	,	in	was	?	
,	:	;	.	
voice	great	rumour	language	cry	loud	man	
,	.	to	the	from	of	after	;	?	
in	before	out	.	;	on	,	straightway	into	after	up	by	forth	abroad	
.	;	that	before	be	for	,	:	[	
i	a	ye	one	he	this	we	it	these	satan	the	
the	them	him	his	a	us	thine	
accursed	crucified	your	slain	holy	god	acceptable	anathema	known	ignorant	hanged	unjust	put	as	righteous	filthy	condemned	unto	
the	and	eleazar	great	i	thee	pharaoh	all	us	their	them	saul	
i	is	shall	thou	to	the	art	are	they	savest	hast	
sons	enoch	salah	eber	abitub	noah	of	cainan	nahor	two	terah	reu	lamech	enos	methuselah	peleg	serug	jared	mahalaleel	arphaxad	
them	him	his	the	and	for	what	whether	of	pharaoh	,	water	life	
the	her	mine	praising	rabbah	thy	that	egypt	pharaoh	quiet	this	ramah	our	
me	forth	thy	up	us	on	his	back	so	a	unto	
,	was	that	came	and	by	made	upon	it	.	in	:	than	he	
.	[	shall	,	the	that	against	are	;	:	he	
.	unto	concerning	against	[	and	is	of	well	,	also	in	:	friendly	
the	them	thee	my	him	god	their	ekron	
is	are	shall	art	shalt	
that	.	,	at	in	:	for	into	to	which	;	with	whereunto	he	
him	,	us	.	the	a	them	his	her	thy	hannah	cursing	also	husbandry	
the	jerusalem	hebron	bethel	his	god	dan	tirzah	us	one	heaven	anger	him	
of	unto	,	:	from	shall	to	in	
on	up	,	for	round	that	this	behind	in	toward	
and	whom	a	for	let	utterly	jordan	[	by	unto	
his	the	all	ramah	gibeon	nought	gibbethon	midnight	mizpah	times	unawares	megiddo	jerusalem	any	meat	
thee	you	them	a	[	my	the	
and	but	the	10	he	12	15	yea	into	according	his	therefore	2	ephraim	[	if	
thee	my	them	the	a	that	egypt	many	him	grief	to	thine	you	[	wine	
and	a	all	because	whom	so	which	[	
and	15	16	21	12	14	give	19	36	35	20	will	saith	pluck	8	or	
and	[	all	that	i	into	stay	my	nor	
the	peace	her	jerusalem	order	a	tahpanhes	tirzah	,	midian	bahurim	
and	rulers	with	was	according	azariah	which	the	[	came	
,	.	:	[	;	by	'	for	no	any	known	
the	such	[	:	my	and	all	thy	that	,	your	.	?	
and	the	perizzites	
and	4	therefore	a	12	render	17	25	thou	thy	10	as	8	yet	
the	his	a	israel	water	that	secret	jerusalem	
for	into	it	the	out	stones	down	himself	upon	him	two	four	[	away	
wives	daughters	tenons	sons	brethren	shoulders	womenservants	servants	horns	
thy	my	the	myself	his	all	,	laid	[	themselves	
not	do	there	swear	prevail	find	
it	them	me	of	thee	thereof	to	say	the	my	your	those	
like	at	shut	perfect	greater	mine	high	above	]	likened	
,	:	after	.	?	servants	in	came	man	
,	.	long	eastward	broad	[	:	
his	[	hold	him	down	hands	not	waste	the	
ear	issue	husband	end	high	interpretation	unchangeable	unclean	
,	me	what	of	[	;	my	their	the	
the	[	me	god	,	and	all	in	mine	or	affliction	such	him	
am	is	are	
.	,	with	[	from	of	which	in	;	:	?	
house	hundred	ark	help	angel	ephod	habitation	
with	in	your	a	all	innocency	of	my	ears	
in	therein	on	,	.	also	with	by	before	
from	in	,	their	therefore	the	now	
in	a	all	[	forth	away	us	wisdom	down	my	thee	
spake	lived	alive	talked	kept	find	hope	
,	.	without	love	may	whisper	;	with	wrongfully	
of	to	you	his	travail	meat	power	quietness	snow	wisdom	[	goodly	god	not	grace	more	
a	them	her	him	among	that	any	no	,	the	another	nothing	[	
them	me	us	[	him	into	jesus	unto	
,	.	:	and	[	which	inclineth	
over	in	.	,	instead	;	
,	.	;	:	
,	.	:	a	remaineth	brake	;	with	
that	not	their	what	them	her	who	it	all	[	him	
holy	end	issue	husband	ass	ear	altar	advocate	errand	unction	hundred	
unto	to	,	by	
,	.	and	lifted	did	i	was	he	
good	golden	desire	shepherd	great	form	wife	servant	wen	linen	live	sharp	sword	wedding	drawn	shadow	matter	
.	,	;	:	were	?	
,	.	to	on	full	[	:	;	
against	the	my	and	thy	,	in	:	;	
,	and	.	like	[	with	?	
her	me	not	us	[	him	them	laban	
,	.	[	upon	to	without	with	
for	and	they	17	33	but	woe	as	therefore	9	8	until	
the	him	her	together	them	for	all	,	to	us	unto	
sons	,	wives	horns	leaves	men	edges	doors	faces	debtors	hundred	daughters	tenons	
13	21	5	14	25	micah	17	16	46	nahum	3	4	7	8	
,	.	for	with	and	that	which	it	;	
the	pieces	whatsoever	battle	[	unto	
is	was	shall	were	
.	what	the	;	
,	.	:	for	shall	every	;	?	
them	their	into	[	out	off	anchors	fire	away	upon	up	betwixt	lots	
,	even	;	in	.	have	were	
,	.	in	i	;	was	?	
.	,	;	:	shall	after	are	which	arise	refused	with	came	
11	20	3	5	24	27	14	23	30	50	15	psalm	7	8	
,	.	in	rejoice	shall	freely	there	to	that	infants	last	[	repaired	
things	words	evil	
,	.	:	was	'	jacob	suck	;	?	
the	his	thy	god	him	israel	christ	thee	thine	our	
and	[	
and	up	the	my	a	of	,	it	ashes	sour	:	
after	in	with	before	contrary	,	to	:	mournfully	
tribe	breadth	height	land	people	valley	spirit	
and	them	no	were	of	up	,	.	enough	in	it	the	freely	bread	
i	is	[	he	king	thou	solomon	
the	a	clefts	great	his	glory	fire	beams	thee	all	hollow	breaches	my	precious	blindness	burnt	planks	
and	samaria	rivers	much	she	they	in	behold	
and	for	judah	also	45	but	5	go	[	
,	;	in	
and	even	save	that	i	who	because	put	[	abraham	
,	.	in	;	
the	his	[	meat	two	one	five	]	
and	that	or	we	21	who	when	o	through	[	charity	
into	,	not	again	in	
would	is	hath	also	shall	receive	turned	knew	had	stayed	.	seeketh	went	entered	
lord	people	fire	king	pharisees	inhabitants	men	matter	chief	anakims	bones	earth	foolish	war	
the	benjamin	malchiah	hattush	also	meremoth	hananiah	shallum	binnui	their	nehemiah	ezer	meshullam	hashabiah	azariah	uzziel	
the	that	[	me	all	his	thee	.	not	wickedness	
it	with	the	their	also	
thy	the	justice	dragons	shepherds	his	devils	god	chimham	
the	up	forth	a	me	his	darkness	some	an	to	him	apart	
.	for	a	king	shall	is	,	to	under	;	:	with	
,	.	;	with	a	saved	twice	as	:	
[	,	likewise	
baskets	loaves	things	times	[	soever	hired	thousands	
his	my	the	me	thy	thee	,	down	in	forth	unto	
over	a	up	through	out	from	six	down	in	throughout	with	
me	thee	us	his	no	pharaoh	strength	[	
for	an	the	!	houses	is	us	will	also	thee	
is	was	shall	be	stood	that	to	lie	are	were	with	divided	
on	foot	his	thy	that	with	by	their	[	my	the	
thee	me	his	thy	us	.	the	:	my	;	
,	charge	spirits	:	.	fought	were	;	with	he	
is	should	believeth	led	smote	had	hath	eateth	divided	died	
us	you	all	these	me	for	thee	,	an	every	by	
them	in	,	the	me	his	daily	
the	them	his	thy	for	,	.	heaven	;	
it	him	up	their	the	them	her	thee	:	unto	
to	unto	,	from	into	back	.	with	
,	.	to	[	of	she	hold	;	unto	
,	that	.	wherewith	
ye	o	fir	all	saith	son	i	weeping	[	
them	him	,	the	his	you	joseph	an	
for	,	.	the	a	his	of	but	in	
his	the	my	thy	]	your	their	thine	him	women	
9	8	11	25	13	20	14	49	19	37	28	6	the	
taken	a	given	conceived	heard	furnished	forsaken	rejected	prepared	born	slain	stablished	sealed	broken	kindled	
12	5	11	13	22	17	19	29	4	teach	genesis	21	
in	a	them	on	for	to	of	there	upon	also	the	you	
;	:	unto	,	.	to	
,	.	[	rose	:	;	
for	and	open	o	then	)	but	say	so	therefore	which	hearken	
the	his	derision	honour	abomination	bringing	their	joseph	reverence	remembrance	jerusalem	issachar	reputation	
and	but	27	for	yea	likewise	how	so	[	by	
and	that	which	because	to	as	in	[	spices	or	
and	15	11	21	22	seeing	when	28	1	as	9	now	
,	would	saw	made	after	.	said	[	slew	
and	that	[	)	when	so	in	the	
,	.	in	shall	eight	;	:	with	?	
out	to	into	,	from	food	in	before	abroad	
not	:	;	for	evil	also	in	the	with	unto	more	
and	which	the	jedaiah	46	of	that	2	(	hashabiah	
old	,	.	;	:	?	
on	upon	,	according	.	
.	a	be	:	till	,	leave	to	in	
it	them	already	her	thy	sufficient	therewith	some	free	matter	somewhat	occasion	the	any	
away	the	under	from	it	him	up	not	[	with	
[	,	.	which	:	by	
,	:	of	.	;	jerusalem	
the	a	his	three	samaria	god	mine	thine	prison	
by	unto	,	[	to	falsely	
down	me	off	in	out	them	him	the	more	[	
also	merry	not	troubled	sound	established	lifted	wise	hasty	changed	given	glad	
,	'	tamar	a	stood	hammoleketh	to	
.	:	;	,	[	
,	[	;	from	keepeth	was	against	talketh	as	with	
for	whatsoever	and	13	14	that	thou	36	but	o	neither	[	
you	us	false	mine	from	him	
.	and	whose	hither	shortly	up	,	to	near	not	;	forth	unto	out	
i	[	
o	and	ye	named	all	but	my	
hand	.	
of	
,	.	read	against	to	[	:	was	man	
the	none	[	him	them	her	amnon	down	out	
,	was	son	eliab	
up	
,	in	against	.	
mishael	and	[	saying	hanani	zabbai	of	hashub	with	
hachilah	bashan	god	the	gaash	zion	frankincense	ammah	jerusalem	moreh	
up	over	mine	a	all	thy	thine	signs	our	my	by	
shall	wilt	should	can	doth	art	comfort	will	
and	for	smite	because	look	i	5	therefore	6	the	14	
.	[	are	:	alone	with	
,	abomination	all	great	shall	adultery	unto	
up	over	the	them	her	it	beside	at	
over	also	,	;	
up	from	again	by	
in	the	them	on	jeremiah	her	away	upon	wisdom	[	
treacherously	very	well	with	wickedly	truly	deceitfully	by	
,	.	to	shall	against	slain	were	:	was	
[	things	a	this	is	are	
oil	wine	beaten	
,	[	was	upon	.	stedfastly	doth	;	fell	
,	[	and	:	with	unto	
gedaliah	all	their	the	because	athaliah	thee	him	sihon	saul	
and	i	saying	though	but	an	whom	bare	[	
,	.	!	i	wrapped	say	in	mentioned	:	with	by	?	
from	them	the	like	her	that	him	amasa	our	[	
me	them	himself	,	thee	us	the	him	unto	
[	,	the	great	shall	god	according	.	whatsoever	:	?	
be	his	give	slay	descend	reward	establish	
might	grow	dwelt	chose	do	should	lay	
them	a	the	me	all	his	and	david	in	paul	
,	even	on	.	in	[	unto	
,	shall	that	.	which	in	
,	in	;	.	wherein	
,	was	'	also	shall	.	destroyed	to	were	begotten	
seduced	established	given	transgressed	spoken	caused	heard	stolen	let	a	seen	told	called	more	
unto	by	,	both	that	in	oaths	
and	peradventure	
high	lord	king	kingdom	name	levites	hair	most	slingers	
and	king	23	very	master	coming	such	[	
3	11	then	27	22	ephesians	28	35	jesus	4	6	if	
over	by	through	on	away	
,	shall	;	is	brought	[	:	
,	?	hath	.	their	gave	ruled	
me	them	the	his	her	one	other	john	
.	:	thirty	[	threescore	reached	;	
thee	upon	a	the	them	,	daily	him	you	[	by	unto	
delivered	given	said	cast	also	exalted	chosen	raised	according	assayed	set	forgotten	the	wrought	
war	sleep	the	blow	a	buy	vex	your	go	
.	,	:	that	shall	[	;	
the	fifty	one	fifteen	an	
them	,	to	him	that	thee	by	:	with	
himself	the	,	down	his	
suffer	do	needs	be	rise	reign	increase	release	continue	have	in	go	
10	24	20	25	11	30	3	2	5	8	9	psalm	
,	.	;	the	that	wherewith	which	until	
the	my	hezekiah	his	her	thy	receive	
and	[	their	as	they	
and	smite	13	27	being	also	so	7	8	11	let	happy	
were	are	as	shall	profit	is	in	
the	any	these	agag	thou	your	i	they	
the	all	many	john	
thee	,	to	you	us	:	unto	
to	them	,	]	him	for	thee	
14	8	5	24	10	20	23	3	psalm	7	
a	this	folly	and	salvation	us	lewdness	toward	with	wickedness	
unto	[	a	briefly	i	.	to	;	the	
away	off	up	him	thee	care	
the	[	their	my	,	
from	to	.	,	with	by	before	
,	seven	in	[	upon	
a	from	astray	and	over	to	preaching	in	further	the	
majesty	glory	power	dignity	brightness	dishonour	immortality	thanks	
,	say	gladly	speak	that	read	concerning	.	were	
a	bearing	speaking	his	their	,	us	to	unto	:	with	him	communing	
be	save	deny	enter	deliver	sin	see	stand	pass	answer	find	
2	5	24	27	20	42	3	7	6	12	
and	11	for	when	but	one	a	
his	my	oil	israel	moab	david	salvation	thine	the	]	
and	from	zabad	30	which	before	
offering	
and	i	both	they	give	
,	:	shall	did	became	are	;	
,	.	to	heard	every	go	:	unto	
chariots	horsemen	their	dromedaries	much	mules	with	
of	,	;	which	.	
upon	burnt	them	for	]	up	sacrifices	[	the	unto	
same	seven	glory	harps	two	understanding	key	seal	everlasting	oversight	
and	sackbut	except	o	to	go	before	
the	i	god	is	they	
sent	purposed	sworn	a	spoken	visited	
prophet	lamb	kingdom	blot	king	pillar	chariot	prey	worthy	ransom	peculiar	glorious	
away	a	them	his	thy	to	captive	pleasure	the	my	;	usury	
a	on	already	not	married	,	dead	cast	drowned	ready	[	the	
to	me	no	god	it	an	ahaziah	how	not	[	opportunity	the	
sheep	tribe	shepherd	ordinance	father	mind	purse	to	manner	lot	measure	law	
[	the	,	some	favour	an	as	grace	?	out	
and	10	33	32	42	43	29	
and	into	neither	thence	to	going	[	behold	
thee	you	me	,	.	strangers	the	;	
them	away	aside	the	every	[	judgment	unto	
the	christ	a	his	thy	abomination	thine	heaven	him	
and	he	good	i	who	they	the	or	
10	16	18	30	so	4	7	32	9	5	
the	my	thy	moab	up	down	
i	he	[	was	is	ye	
the	incense	with	hazor	sweet	upon	his	[	
,	.	depart	every	;	:	before	
lord	king	cup	two	host	fourth	bitter	roll	
.	:	,	;	
found	holden	gotten	divided	formed	spanned	planted	god	the	saved	he	
10	12	17	22	23	27	2	6	8	
and	12	14	17	16	nevertheless	42	3	4	7	8	
.	in	from	endureth	to	glorious	[	?	
,	this	my	
,	turned	.	and	of	;	upon	
not	execute	judge	work	send	bless	catch	establish	
incense	her	part	with	up	
them	thee	you	,	him	;	my	the	
with	,	.	and	shall	[	:	;	
them	it	down	evil	low	in	the	forth	out	
and	that	these	hear	in	[	the	
whom	the	]	them	thine	?	
,	me	and	all	it	how	[	.	my	
19	14	23	45	28	29	40	34	46	2	7	
and	in	they	that	
and	26	ramah	hadattah	saith	37	one	which	
them	with	solomon	him	
all	,	.	?	privily	[	:	;	
the	him	me	thy	her	it	your	
,	and	apart	hast	;	
.	shall	hirah	,	in	the	with	;	
and	11	21	for	18	but	else	let	in	
23	5	4	16	thus	52	3	7	8	
up	unto	away	,	through	in	:	with	abroad	out	
and	to	[	as	which	he	
body	land	country	,	son	feet	base	place	heap	house	works	husband	
them	out	all	into	seven	him	away	pur	
the	thy	them	of	it	together	in	my	themselves	
,	for	of	upon	became	[	;	was	white	
for	a	seven	my	.	to	the	with	lying	
power	men	acts	hand	works	angels	wind	
shall	.	[	:	from	,	at	were	
all	up	together	of	men	an	them	unto	
hundred	men	wives	possessed	asses	[	turtledoves	
and	it	whose	[	or	
and	my	whose	whether	o	therefore	lord	
unto	to	of	therefore	
,	for	.	to	was	
,	.	;	:	]	
in	,	.	'	laid	was	
and	that	as	berothah	[	where	hazarenan	
them	the	his	ahab	her	thee	him	joab	baalpeor	
the	in	,	for	before	
,	;	[	of	.	
,	.	over	[	before	hateth	toward	away	he	
to	over	.	on	
,	.	sacrifices	shall	?	
word	words	poor	sound	cry	prayer	reproof	
near	unto	and	down	in	close	now	]	out	
voice	wisdom	cry	
.	,	up	to	:	with	
and	[	after	one	are	which	if	
of	that	,	to	
and	of	the	had	in	
,	.	are	]	which	
the	of	us	your	cursing	;	not	[	.	
the	and	12	of	sherebiah	[	
in	among	therein	[	,	
[	his	them	from	of	him	sight	the	
up	him	[	from	us	
thy	the	off	doing	destroying	above	between	iniquity	before	
a	and	20	be	thou	god	but	as	7	
his	israel	him	
that	in	me	do	thy	,	.	
,	at	a	:	.	
.	be	desolate	shall	,	[	:	;	he	
for	thou	but	and	even	27	no	5	
all	him	none	off	shall	mine	plenty	[	the	
,	shall	[	;	was	by	
and	
[	are	come	have	know	
the	all	a	among	of	him	every	[	
me	my	thy	us	
way	heart	deeds	
men	twigs	ones	man	
?	.	;	,	only	the	:	
and	25	12	14	for	23	they	11	8	why	he	
and	that	all	i	ye	but	without	
me	letters	messengers	.	widows	him	
a	very	[	poor	his	her	the	
heart	daughter	ornaments	power	wife	fault	two	portion	way	thick	captain	
for	of	,	.	;	:	
the	a	of	in	
the	their	[	him	reproach	witness	
,	.	shall	have	:	flee	?	
poor	residue	word	people	money	porch	arrows	candlestick	second	crying	cherubims	
away	me	into	them	out	
27	24	10	and	21	23	19	18	29	8	
you	among	myself	thy	this	thee	,	us	toward	
10	22	25	36	matthew	3	5	7	9	ruth	
the	his	not	her	it	to	[	
them	the	him	captivity	thee	
was	,	many	is	upon	.	directly	:	with	
2	4	11	10	14	43	but	6	8	
but	and	for	with	18	ye	wherefore	2	open	your	
and	thou	except	but	walk	i	satan	[	tell	
priest	high	second	
,	shall	is	there	.	are	[	was	he	
the	horses	all	his	mount	some	white	
the	one	faith	we	his	men	,	they	
,	provender	;	going	'	
my	the	he	]	they	man	
and	the	19	which	that	
the	me	them	all	jeremiah	
their	[	my	his	upon	feet	
of	
,	and	.	which	;	:	
profane	without	unblameable	reverend	beloved	our	true	unholy	
and	
the	a	]	an	
proverbs	15	14	10	31	30	29	16	7	6	
and	for	20	21	i	this	they	the	
doctrine	sword	distaff	bow	truth	ark	beginning	tradition	traditions	
the	his	this	mine	it	jerusalem	with	him	
me	,	us	.	through	;	:	my	by	out	
.	,	shall	;	[	:	white	
all	off	thy	away	them	gladness	[	forth	out	
peace	steps	
the	
.	[	:	with	,	in	
,	like	.	to	;	:	was	
him	them	her	of	samuel	what	david	
the	my	this	our	
and	the	after	[	
,	.	;	went	daily	
help	shed	be	get	the	jerusalem	flee	
and	for	eliel	jeriah	korah	the	where	
give	be	work	deliver	rule	abound	go	possess	speak	
,	and	like	of	became	:	
and	that	or	be	as	[	neither	
on	[	,	of	
.	,	shall	thou	is	;	:	
father	
his	a	like	these	many	since	,	rebuke	the	
to	[	foot	thy	
.	:	,	speak	
and	his	12	15	2	whereupon	they	speak	he	
and	[	his	for	god	27	2	
crucify	agreed	had	will	cast	laid	compelled	have	saw	killed	
and	if	
the	heaven	their	dan	
,	in	falsehood	his	confusion	[	with	the	
eyes	uncleanness	head	spear	servant	weapon	father	children	
them	him	seven	.	jabin	;	before	
,	for	is	should	also	continue	:	with	
11	10	14	22	30	50	117	5	7	6	
the	down	in	them	,	[	
the	god	thee	a	iniquity	.	
offering	,	that	unto	with	
the	his	all	to	jordan	
bill	recompence	palace	wall	certain	bed	writing	publick	
to	shoulder	his	that	according	up	are	was	tent	
12	21	18	31	42	3	malachi	4	7	
come	coming	thy	she	not	at	
hath	house	me	off	.	to	the	
and	brethren	from	beware	regard	watch	as	
for	lineage	thy	within	riches	against	large	in	my	
a	stones	great	boards	fire	axes	thirst	their	timbrels	the	
the	a	great	his	all	
to	as	
men	,	ones	both	one	children	
4	11	26	20	21	19	43	5	7	
the	thee	
.	from	for	when	as	:	by	
,	[	:	shall	
him	me	a	them	for	the	bread	
spoken	said	
,	delivered	faileth	:	.	
.	,	:	in	have	
the	his	this	me	that	
given	built	turned	committed	taken	found	appointed	
and	a	of	as	which	[	the	
and	when	arrayed	who	it	they	the	he	
,	.	doth	at	the	:	
,	played	that	also	;	was	the	
be	laugh	give	drop	praise	pass	vanish	tremble	declare	
unto	me	great	thy	this	these	kindness	more	
a	for	many	it	one	to	atonement	[	jerusalem	restitution	
not	away	his	from	it	to	
unto	me	great	them	by	moses	him	wonders	
and	the	when	but	
his	us	the	me	it	our	
unto	to	[	ye	
received	shut	thy	redeemed	as	defiled	covered	burnt	left	
and	
made	established	handled	i	crucified	ministered	not	
;	.	,	?	
against	with	also	in	
bountifully	wondrously	to	graciously	against	deceitfully	very	treacherously	
upper	living	great	cup	days	kingdoms	nations	
not	full	sore	lifted	mine	
the	they	[	we	
the	[	god	his	all	
is	was	stone	shall	there	weighed	were	
and	
israel	the	
.	,	;	
heavy	reckoned	all	made	coals	astonished	[	come	assembled	
of	,	.	;	
.	[	:	;	?	
shepherd	evil	children	part	necessity	issue	guide	hope	more	
.	unto	a	heavy	from	,	through	
a	for	and	this	pits	,	
[	good	from	in	corrupt	:	]	he	
strong	strengthened	slack	sufficient	faint	weak	
and	then	13	12	15	14	22	19	4	
,	
and	that	which	
.	'	shall	,	satisfied	sight	seeth	was	
and	a	like	,	.	in	;	the	?	
,	.	;	[	:	
them	[	thee	
not	the	his	back	alive	[	my	him	
,	.	again	:	
on	good	thereon	her	within	,	to	scorn	]	
,	
me	the	with	my	for	
,	secretly	martha	aholibah	.	in	;	:	
to	but	and	that	which	[	
.	;	,	one	:	with	
that	and	thou	it	she	which	
thy	thyself	thine	from	
peace	
us	jacob	my	his	from	jerusalem	
.	;	,	
,	'	answered	;	:	by	
city	holds	ones	cities	[	hold	
to	me	his	,	;	not	the	him	
a	three	and	meremoth	baanah	adna	the	
and	3	therefore	
,	;	through	which	in	
peace	tongue	right	
.	a	sigh	,	fell	;	nor	
ignorant	wise	circumcised	to	without	know	in	
voice	vows	cry	supplication	words	fame	
filled	great	full	plaistered	finished	laid	
and	i	ye	it	they	the	
more	harm	fault	rest	presents	answer	children	
the	innocency	his	thy	this	water	
,	.	?	
the	me	his	us	houses	him	
not	unto	diligently	
the	,	that	till	deceit	[	
the	of	a	authority	such	
10	13	and	12	3	2	4	
of	in	;	:	,	
and	vexed	where	o	go	with	
away	it	
11	10	and	17	16	18	35	
one	good	work	evil	upright	lord	righteous	whore	
and	saying	30	[	where	if	
.	,	from	
shall	tribe	was	his	that	
against	'	stuck	in	[	]	;	
for	and	13	28	whence	let	she	why	
them	me	thee	him	[	you	
,	and	in	
heaven	israel	the	ai	his	
and	a	from	in	[	whereunto	he	
,	through	from	concerning	.	exceedingly	
,	down	with	and	on	at	
the	me	all	his	you	[	an	him	
me	that	compassion	fathers	no	enough	dominion	our	opportunity	
.	again	from	into	,	in	;	out	
and	9	his	immediately	he	
.	,	;	into	
.	:	,	hast	;	
in	.	from	,	together	:	
army	house	inheritance	host	impediment	infirmity	issue	handmaid	unclean	
.	all	that	there	,	:	
thee	me	the	you	him	
,	at	unto	[	?	are	
left	shut	increased	risen	mine	the	builded	by	
all	the	]	a	of	,	
with	
.	:	[	from	
the	me	thy	thee	their	my	
be	bring	also	restore	
and	but	[	ye	
and	for	20	15	
out	[	himself	forth	
be	give	die	wash	hiss	not	
upon	not	to	forth	on	
her	his	this	the	that	
as	love	that	to	dwell	
none	death	yea	there	life	not	given	shamgar	
,	of	[	:	shall	
a	them	his	it	,	down	with	him	
and	canst	12	this	(	43	2	
and	flesh	it	in	not	;	grass	]	
:	.	,	
with	there	,	two	[	.	
,	little	thereof	.	nothing	[	bread	
a	for	this	of	riches	long	wisdom	the	
for	because	
,	.	in	go	[	:	
to	laid	,	
,	;	.	they	in	
.	,	unto	;	by	?	he	
and	he	10	27	37	my	
:	upon	,	
over	to	on	upon	
the	on	siege	upon	up	my	
to	that	other	assurance	understanding	
,	shall	[	
shekel	cubit	time	
about	,	
,	from	forty	fourscore	.	
and	22	this	thus	5	4	6	so	
and	but	)	that	
anger	wrath	
and	or	he	
in	shall	down	that	under	with	he	
all	them	the	
,	more	[	:	with	out	
off	me	him	
the	24	11	47	pelaiah	anan	anaiah	
,	:	from	after	.	;	
,	.	to	
:	,	.	
king	god	father	son	person	lord	face	
the	me	his	zion	your	him	fill	
unto	,	.	
not	,	yet	:	
devil	desire	little	name	few	mighty	
was	is	were	
up	from	him	not	
,	shall	within	are	in	[	
stones	great	wheat	twenty	corn	the	
,	the	it	singers	]	[	
and	for	3	that	
,	.	;	from	out	
wars	your	me	thee	thy	
,	.	four	in	
him	me	them	thee	the	out	
the	he	his	that	this	absalom	
the	these	that	thy	
to	,	'	:	.	
prophet	son	ruler	
me	[	by	,	.	
word	voice	blasphemy	supplication	parables	words	
his	of	upon	tail	worshipped	[	captain	
,	.	unwittingly	which	:	unto	
down	the	[	up	bread	
and	[	for	but	praise	he	
a	fair	of	.	boldly	mysteries	with	vanity	
10	and	26	12	21	23	37	
;	that	,	.	to	:	flee	
,	.	goeth	are	the	:	[	
,	.	to	with	unto	before	
me	thy	thee	after	,	the	[	out	
and	a	[	with	they	
,	before	smote	three	to	with	
gushed	like	did	is	to	fell	[	with	
among	may	,	should	which	;	:	
would	attained	refused	will	meaneth	entered	
and	that	but	4	the	unto	
,	can	
and	23	i	as	7	9	unto	
no	;	them	him	,	
made	overlaid	built	cieled	asked	
the	these	things	that	
son	apparel	agagite	jews	
the	all	[	
,	.	again	in	
among	,	great	his	folly	wonderfully	
to	,	the	.	
the	his	thy	kings	my	
the	thee	them	,	in	
have	do	said	love	hid	kept	
the	such	him	her	their	
.	among	,	will	;	:	?	
the	[	me	a	his	]	
them	their	him	many	
thing	,	saying	message	;	
stones	eyes	quiver	privy	hair	shoe	way	proper	
fire	the	me	whom	solomon	him	
unto	with	to	in	
and	10	from	19	turned	to	he	
,	:	behold	upon	.	
what	it	likewise	to	the	believe	
voice	words	wisdom	servant	lovingkindness	
all	a	thee	one	labour	[	wisdom	
,	and	[	:	
,	abode	to	like	.	
and	is	,	.	as	in	;	:	
prayer	speech	voice	father	affliction	
them	his	thee	together	to	elias	the	
been	:	tares	not	]	?	
,	word	of	:	
and	for	thinking	put	[	declare	
strength	toes	love	wrath	fire	men	name	
necks	neck	heart	hearts	
hath	is	alone	worketh	prospereth	
them	others	us	
and	feed	let	
and	[	because	
[	them	favour	,	grace	the	
and	or	to	let	in	
saying	14	16	four	such	[	before	
;	from	,	.	:	?	
and	the	prince	
,	in	:	flee	?	
yourselves	all	thyself	them	those	
much	a	,	evil	in	[	
him	a	one	no	
heard	from	defiled	taken	called	sent	
and	who	one	eliathah	[	with	
count	searcheth	,	wisdom	seeketh	;	:	
do	himself	give	accuse	go	dwell	
great	his	it	in	not	the	him	
up	thee	
faces	thousand	brasen	wings	daughters	
and	19	so	therefore	but	
of	from	within	.	to	:	
the	his	temptation	prayer	
her	mine	your	thy	
received	seven	four	another	seen	ordinances	john	
brother	life	own	son	
,	he	go	abide	
be	do	make	reign	bless	stir	defend	
restored	heavy	the	withered	weary	
of	after	.	
be	have	
the	his	it	all	
14	16	zechariah	4	6	8	
day	treasure	[	ministry	son	
[	these	all	the	
,	to	into	unto	.	
thou	god	the	ye	
a	me	his	thy	coals	scorners	the	
,	.	in	
me	all	his	thy	thee	my	
cry	groaning	reproach	words	
dead	old	sanctified	bound	known	the	
is	of	was	,	]	
the	[	my	day	
]	the	wisdom	
,	answered	went	:	
possessions	iron	reasoning	experience	bitterness	
.	:	,	shall	
and	the	straightway	conspired	that	
my	thy	thee	instruction	every	the	
and	that	fearful	as	without	not	by	
me	them	in	rebellion	
faith	his	thy	augustus	blood	the	
15	and	22	5	9	8	
them	judah	among	thee	my	
and	neither	all	nor	one	
,	:	!	?	
of	,	[	concerning	that	
a	:	,	.	
and	18	the	seven	which	
and	that	come	
thee	me	my	us	
,	to	;	:	from	
thine	[	their	understanding	
abomination	murder	,	to	nothing	unto	
and	,	;	with	
it	them	any	
the	this	my	harvest	
upon	and	is	,	.	toward	
his	a	me	eleazar	the	him	
in	.	:	from	
ye	thou	no	
the	may	down	it	rahab	
of	gold	inheritance	thing	suit	man	
,	water	:	.	wine	
,	.	may	
and	[	
multitude	you	their	height	
:	moses	the	;	,	
thou	there	i	my	prophet	
and	from	33	others	hold	eat	before	
and	we	i	nabal	take	neither	
forth	them	an	the	out	
about	his	from	after	aside	their	in	
off	us	me	all	out	
:	,	;	depart	shall	
israel	me	them	thy	
the	their	himself	unto	
come	not	the	there	
me	draw	torment	night	
[	world	hope	been	man	
and	the	three	
king	captain	son	
prosperous	with	is	,	.	]	into	
righteousness	thee	to	transgression	our	:	him	
prophet	lord	
,	.	;	
from	,	
in	,	!	among	that	
than	abundance	abundantly	but	understanding	abundant	
me	the	our	my	
,	went	brake	
reward	carcases	senses	part	habitation	
be	reveal	fall	it	he	
thee	baalim	them	,	in	your	
upon	into	
tetrarch	king	
:	.	;	,	shall	
forth	his	no	down	in	my	
stood	people	young	.	ones	captains	with	
:	,	he	in	shall	
offering	sacrifice	
,	;	:	unto	.	
the	jacob	oppressors	those	
them	me	thence	these	the	speaking	
to	,	.	
25	17	and	16	32	
11	and	26	18	44	42	selah	
and	for	i	neither	it	
,	.	:	against	
.	desolate	may	the	:	;	
off	down	asunder	rahab	
oil	a	fish	his	the	[	
and	stood	with	according	for	
,	that	.	;	:	ruled	
in	before	up	,	
against	upon	,	it	to	in	
his	oxen	them	him	all	
and	azariah	jashobeam	
me	what	all	in	no	
:	.	,	was	whereof	
,	;	.	
hath	;	.	with	shall	
in	therein	all	was	it	
me	near	off	back	out	
give	the	remain	divide	eat	
me	a	heir	it	your	unto	out	
the	egypt	god	
established	made	like	divided	worthy	not	builded	
,	in	;	:	was	?	
sons	daughters	turtles	
the	a	cenchrea	my	
,	[	;	:	were	
brethren	eyes	lands	wealth	being	steps	kings	
,	the	
,	;	.	shall	
]	,	[	as	.	
the	man	god	his	them	
his	up	a	
,	.	:	
when	and	saying	we	
in	on	as	with	securely	
me	a	the	his	judgment	
seven	longer	many	so	at	with	
for	,	.	in	:	]	
barley	wheat	ten	
gabbatha	servant	one	this	which	[	
speak	not	say	.	reasoning	
out	the	away	forth	up	
me	the	god	
me	away	aside	my	him	out	
:	,	[	is	
with	in	from	:	
his	for	that	not	the	vashti	
forth	down	.	
,	to	:	for	
rebuke	sinners	us	,	.	
he	his	formed	virtue	
it	,	[	with	him	before	
and	king	the	son	10	
against	:	,	
went	was	spread	in	
10	then	16	3	7	6	
his	two	lain	some	
know	fear	see	
,	;	before	
heaven	him	this	thy	
shall	heareth	hanged	said	gave	
5	24	1	13	genesis	
do	draw	get	shew	wrap	speak	
the	cause	fear	
his	from	it	rivers	upside	the	
[	24	37	28	4	
in	the	christ	unto	
me	a	them	righteousness	,	
shall	my	down	the	with	?	
his	gibeah	thine	tamar	thy	
swine	many	
and	also	there	oxen	unto	
,	in	.	
he	god	deviseth	form	
to	the	righteousness	unto	
ye	some	the	they	
,	of	;	:	
,	;	:	
fire	good	silver	spoil	violence	
them	his	me	and	
ten	worshipped	
among	upon	,	in	alone	[	
in	the	much	,	
no	it	not	[	my	your	
upon	;	.	[	in	
that	shall	?	which	.	
,	shalt	to	:	
is	things	palaces	places	praises	
[	i	12	28	3	
up	it	[	his	
him	thy	the	himself	for	
,	upon	
,	to	rise	held	
10	26	27	29	2	7	
from	shall	as	are	in	:	
and	11	for	thou	37	have	
that	.	in	,	
out	forth	the	
and	5	for	but	that	
he	i	[	they	her	
to	
the	a	thee	his	
obtained	received	caught	been	compassed	found	
of	,	
,	.	;	:	he	
his	thy	the	
,	and	this	.	
among	,	in	meet	:	]	
me	all	my	with	him	thyself	
their	my	our	
15	i	25	13	1	
measuring	little	scarlet	sharp	present	man	
it	his	treasure	
his	mine	her	thine	
them	him	the	.	
[	.	:	toward	
dwelt	we	shall	,	in	with	
up	
and	,	.	
:	,	;	shall	
the	foot	
'	,	
and	[	from	49	
and	amnon	said	absalom	.	
the	them	him	
them	his	souls	their	jacob	the	
down	off	the	it	
on	make	;	[	:	mount	
into	the	;	his	out	
,	armageddon	to	[	bethesda	
24	21	5	4	7	8	
,	or	with	fall	
,	;	were	
;	:	,	for	.	
delivered	received	whereof	brought	opportunity	?	
26	23	16	37	6	john	
:	.	,	
blood	[	;	much	
their	twelve	david	out	of	
the	me	all	it	for	
shall	before	:	,	
unto	to	
again	for	,	earnestly	unto	more	
and	of	asaph	
thee	them	our	israel	
,	.	;	:	
[	sarai	dinah	loruhamah	
,	'	
,	.	until	
;	loosed	:	,	shall	
works	
her	the	,	
ephod	poor	ark	fatted	timbrel	
:	without	[	,	before	
ought	prevail	turned	hear	
hold	many	his	[	in	
righteousness	own	riches	head	days	other	
a	myself	their	[	my	;	
the	an	it	
him	[	?	
among	it	mine	in	the	my	
up	down	me	
the	a	[	all	
to	!	it	,	
from	depart	of	
her	all	upon	in	
pity	word	being	of	matters	part	
it	a	the	[	him	
kingdom	body	name	power	voice	arm	
the	a	[	thy	
and	thou	[	moses	which	
:	[	;	,	at	
upon	on	into	,	from	
,	she	
his	that	vex	live	having	lying	
and	neither	he	
for	his	a	
you	them	him	
him	:	of	the	his	
canst	owest	oughtest	doest	provokedst	hast	
:	,	.	
himself	thee	you	the	my	him	
the	a	his	clouds	power	
are	is	come	
heart	spirit	
in	among	[	at	forces	
a	it	silver	in	[	the	
do	feedeth	give	knoweth	will	hath	
,	.	to	in	;	he	
before	that	[	.	,	
again	from	to	:	with	unto	
age	sins	
and	12	for	that	4	7	
princes	holy	tackling	house	thing	print	
bethel	sorrow	wards	an	charge	the	
of	upon	neither	my	wine	
the	and	one	
thee	[	my	for	him	
the	
,	[	:	
art	thou	also	are	neither	was	
from	to	this	these	how	[	
,	:	round	
god	mercy	given	written	he	
:	!	to	shall	.	
,	shall	
s	
smote	blesseth	hath	loveth	fleeth	now	
them	his	it	
round	a	into	upon	
the	
in	this	when	by	for	
her	one	the	mary	
thy	,	the	my	[	unto	
is	his	them	any	whereof	
i	let	in	;	the	unto	
against	the	,	
in	.	;	under	from	
down	the	go	him	
the	his	it	
for	a	:	his	in	
me	the	[	
lifted	fenced	holy	lofty	
the	all	his	they	
by	;	:	the	shall	
also	[	,	have	in	
,	;	:	.	
his	the	
have	sigh	with	,	
,	.	:	
up	it	
me	the	vain	trouble	time	
the	away	my	your	their	
them	thee	him	saul	
a	of	the	oil	out	
,	;	for	greatly	
prophet	little	
sons	friends	
dwelling	
and	behold	for	if	
and	because	upon	but	he	
by	.	with	,	under	
contempt	out	water	
the	this	
he	
ye	of	as	well	
the	when	,	all	.	
himself	me	[	the	
a	the	thy	judah	
by	their	none	babylon	
hundred	thousand	sons	days	months	
the	these	thee	all	
.	and	[	he	
and	his	
in	not	[	.	
.	;	doth	,	
thee	his	my	thy	
and	[	nor	
a	pity	five	indignation	no	
to	and	unto	before	
.	[	:	,	
,	came	
33	19	12	5	40	
,	
up	
unto	to	of	
over	,	to	
over	shall	;	shalt	
and	31	5	one	
in	,	
to	them	,	afore	.	
to	;	was	,	is	
children	king	evil	ungodly	
jacob	his	the	
the	god	,	him	
wherefore	i	9	therefore	
;	up	?	therefore	
8	behold	15	therefore	he	
,	;	.	
phinehas	
were	on	[	;	
these	also	the	babylon	israel	
unto	also	thus	,	
,	concerning	moved	she	
of	
,	.	
rumour	sound	noise	word	
[	my	him	thy	,	
days	shepherds	sons	hundred	
us	me	his	him	
believed	will	sent	
out	forth	
the	be	his	eat	
to	not	,	
us	the	you	
their	my	your	
for	11	and	so	
is	with	,	unto	in	
them	ashtoreth	:	it	
me	his	:	that	
against	of	;	devices	
the	your	
came	was	drew	,	
.	[	
of	,	.	
these	the	his	every	due	
and	where	
me	up	
9	and	3	36	17	
,	;	[	are	
peace	
on	to	;	:	.	
wickedness	turning	any	thy	understanding	
son	king	
through	on	over	throughout	
mine	their	the	god	
the	corn	it	meal	
not	also	the	his	
all	man	your	it	him	
into	upon	,	.	
6	31	16	53	23	
,	the	
a	me	cattle	,	more	
:	,	with	
the	israel	men	thee	their	
feast	weapon	consultation	council	
of	:	.	
and	because	but	which	an	
of	
to	over	with	
of	that	out	,	shall	
,	of	when	.	
the	down	on	upon	
the	cities	thyself	all	thy	
in	.	,	against	
isaac	;	:	up	one	
excused	to	away	in	
the	me	his	her	
and	even	that	
on	upon	,	
fast	not	guiltless	in	
to	all	into	us	
troubled	:	perish	.	
,	the	
the	from	him	it	
rose	set	come	came	passed	
in	;	long	
and	the	hashabiah	[	according	
a	the	
thee	me	him	
he	[	
.	
and	yet	
8	19	4	16	
;	was	,	.	
and	till	which	
,	in	yet	by	
and	,	[	
.	,	he	
face	commandments	
are	among	shall	,	that	
his	[	the	.	
his	and	us	in	
way	device	
and	of	shalt	bread	
past	come	the	fallen	ripe	
upon	heavy	
the	joshua	i	david	
himself	his	[	,	
the	them	jerusalem	israel	
,	shall	;	
the	jerusalem	shiloh	
of	:	.	
this	me	them	thee	it	
of	;	,	?	.	
the	day	be	
and	for	each	
wood	stone	
a	,	also	
moab	vexation	her	your	
for	
jezreel	the	
me	the	up	thy	him	
a	hath	the	any	her	
thee	the	two	you	
with	on	upon	round	thereof	
their	themselves	my	you	refuge	
[	the	all	his	hold	
[	the	themselves	no	
to	.	,	?	no	
hairy	delivered	made	steady	feeble	
,	loosed	;	:	
out	the	forth	away	
,	to	;	.	
season	times	
.	;	,	
:	to	his	empty	.	
to	them	it	him	david	
with	one	
the	joshua	great	
the	and	him	,	
and	their	was	are	shall	
sick	brokenhearted	breaches	
,	on	in	
unto	
to	should	.	,	shall	
and	lest	called	
and	19	27	how	
and	
works	light	kindness	
heavens	
and	the	thee	my	,	
them	the	all	
and	neither	forasmuch	but	
he	and	[	so	
[	out	,	.	
the	me	them	
archite	
as	.	;	,	in	
a	twain	the	them	no	
11	9	3	
and	8	therefore	fruitful	
,	'	
the	them	,	
to	also	
.	[	
places	[	place	unto	
the	defile	flee	
the	not	back	all	
and	wherein	
from	round	.	
doves	with	upon	understanding	
me	you	five	mine	one	
and	[	
likeness	only	casting	measure	
moment	oppressor	whit	day	morning	
me	the	thy	
the	a	israel	nations	
hand	face	eyes	
let	how	as	because	
with	[	,	.	
opened	shut	black	restrained	
oar	pen	law	shield	harp	
;	:	,	?	.	
is	did	when	shall	
and	neither	because	beginning	
was	
in	of	:	
blasphemous	to	my	,	]	
known	in	done	for	prepared	
,	:	
and	as	without	
a	whom	the	him	that	
son	father	
.	:	;	in	
this	him	with	
the	from	my	,	
shebaniah	hashum	kelita	maaseiah	bani	
kenite	father	
to	a	the	
,	:	
.	their	the	them	
all	david	
shall	of	were	
the	all	wisdom	him	
,	to	[	.	
out	this	upon	
eyes	hands	feet	
.	;	,	
me	any	thy	
not	receive	all	kill	
and	to	the	make	
said	commanded	done	
be	is	,	shooteth	shall	
a	our	them	it	unto	
,	toward	are	unto	.	
said	
,	.	:	
and	to	upon	unto	
near	.	upon	unto	no	
spirits	
.	
the	my	.	
and	i	we	for	they	
master	word	commandments	beloved	
,	after	have	
45	13	30	37	26	
more	thing	[	
without	of	,	unto	
straight	:	
to	[	should	
a	love	our	my	that	
a	wives	:	her	an	
peace	
9	5	39	when	23	
and	[	
that	do	are	for	
forth	to	own	.	
gone	given	going	secure	dead	
the	them	
his	in	knowledge	sinners	
their	[	themselves	ourselves	
tekoa	gerar	lot	abram	
your	
and	than	
wives	things	sons	
sons	steps	wings	
,	:	
the	them	against	
of	
,	since	sent	
me	their	
a	[	:	?	
;	foursquare	,	
coats	]	daughters	wives	
the	
many	philip	to	.	
me	all	men	thy	
approved	transformed	christ	judged	
[	,	?	.	
hath	[	upon	in	
me	thy	unto	,	
,	i	now	
unto	how	that	
three	purification	
these	a	it	to	
the	[	vain	malice	
faith	stephanas	onesiphorus	god	
i	and	the	
12	9	wherefore	
withal	shall	are	were	
,	.	
i	2	from	they	
father	hivite	
and	variance	or	
an	a	not	
their	the	jerusalem	with	
the	rachel	shiloh	
the	my	man	
the	unto	
me	down	the	
habitation	faces	dominion	inheritance	
me	
my	the	[	
cast	doth	first	though	
talents	men	thousand	princes	
s	
their	them	the	to	
the	it	
off	fallen	,	he	
'	
have	will	commit	
the	and	thy	
i	pleasant	all	,	
and	the	pelatiah	13	
be	threescore	three	are	
the	again	seven	
catch	[	himself	her	
the	his	
.	over	:	
deeds	treasure	promise	pleasure	
that	because	,	at	
down	cast	was	in	
of	possessed	by	that	
me	the	
fulfil	die	the	seek	
,	.	
and	
18	45	numbers	4	
me	lovers	us	against	
the	my	you	thee	
against	,	
no	not	in	
not	;	against	.	
,	:	toward	
13	7	6	
and	hath	yes	o	
me	his	himself	
the	god	all	
not	them	him	her	
.	of	,	
the	much	wheat	unto	
,	toward	.	
and	[	ye	which	
lord	mouth	spirit	
;	:	.	
may	speak	know	must	
receive	the	come	send	
.	on	:	
shall	eateth	leaned	
2	3	7	
tongue	peace	
the	moab	he	
in	until	long	
and	(	
our	your	
thousands	servants	
on	;	:	as	
jacob	our	his	for	
,	.	
in	,	
.	;	,	
:	the	
a	[	
brought	gates	heard	lent	
place	[	
not	what	men	
3	2	31	17	
for	iniquity	all	
the	his	
son	servant	brother	
11	10	21	17	
spake	say	had	
i	and	so	for	
such	[	every	ho	
and	his	let	
is	we	they	
,	also	hath	
is	:	in	.	
thy	
are	be	is	
god	the	salvation	promise	
my	off	above	god	
,	judgments	
hardened	:	?	unto	
,	[	
for	and	thy	
[	to	,	
me	[	them	him	
in	not	
on	
as	sent	rest	been	
and	sweet	[	
,	.	
,	and	.	
:	feareth	,	.	
souls	violent	prey	
and	by	in	
.	;	,	
works	
.	with	,	
brass	salvation	
me	the	all	;	
and	let	7	but	
his	[	in	
upon	ones	:	from	
.	:	shall	
.	
a	the	fatted	
the	his	pharaoh	
,	;	.	
country	as	which	that	
thou	spread	20	for	
him	james	[	
and	save	they	
to	in	unto	first	
,	are	were	
milcah	and	
through	upon	in	
,	have	.	
and	;	from	.	
them	baal	him	against	
against	;	unto	
to	:	,	before	
.	[	unto	
from	through	by	thy	
it	faith	you	
of	that	
,	and	to	
and	
,	with	
me	thee	already	according	
take	behind	;	or	
thy	[	
conscience	beards	thumbs	breasts	
;	them	the	for	
[	said	done	drunk	
they	i	sinned	
said	seen	done	
me	the	mine	?	
be	faint	discover	
it	presents	for	
and	
;	by	thy	,	
heads	horns	
[	:	;	
[	the	three	,	
up	
me	thy	
given	not	he	
me	,	are	him	
not	[	
way	ways	upon	
alabaster	hundred	issue	
all	a	
against	a	with	
to	,	.	
,	not	;	
put	the	appointed	no	
my	their	the	
i	.	upon	arise	
,	
sabbath	middle	fiftieth	
seen	known	understood	
;	kindleth	goeth	,	
are	coming	were	
the	that	paul	an	
ye	the	
his	
11	27	5	genesis	
to	:	soft	unto	
be	as	shall	
life	
and	bezai	two	three	
and	18	now	38	
them	full	the	man	
i	is	doth	wrote	
in	,	
me	you	him	rebellion	
my	me	thy	
in	them	,	
the	praise	
[	with	it	them	
that	was	departed	
;	upon	,	.	
in	;	.	
:	,	made	shall	
5	14	7	16	
about	
covenant	trouble	salvation	two	
straw	spoken	learned	glorified	
a	my	for	unto	
unto	,	
abundance	the	his	
of	shall	,	in	
and	thee	them	thy	
,	.	
,	shall	
,	silver	words	wrath	
,	:	which	
did	is	]	shall	
altars	bullocks	oxen	
not	:	by	.	
jerusalem	ophrah	ramah	
eliphal	ahiam	35	34	
,	against	.	
for	
lifted	turned	been	deceived	
cattle	work	business	
,	
deceit	bring	his	dress	
among	wisely	with	to	
to	my	him	
his	my	
thou	
dead	joined	
a	you	five	all	
also	[	unto	become	
,	?	.	
.	through	,	in	
king	law	multitude	words	
in	at	faithful	
was	,	unto	.	
and	snow	for	that	
,	with	
things	a	members	
is	be	
them	their	him	
:	was	,	
upon	,	which	that	
brimstone	21	whatsoever	he	
this	the	
and	.	
,	for	
and	were	
all	not	himself	
,	!	above	
against	this	evil	
all	:	,	;	
hin	hour	
loosed	from	,	.	
.	is	;	
a	fire	his	four	
thick	:	round	;	
against	
it	thee	him	
:	,	against	?	
,	from	out	
,	sent	here	
over	
in	there	,	
,	by	
forth	.	out	an	
the	
against	:	above	
under	the	upon	
thee	me	us	
up	them	him	
8	21	7	16	
spoken	devised	raised	the	
evil	me	thee	
not	much	,	.	
of	in	
among	in	,	.	
and	
and	:	have	shall	
a	;	because	.	
the	his	zion	it	
,	
and	some	
places	
he	isaac	the	
and	29	
the	it	which	that	
you	their	thee	
[	
against	
against	of	falsely	
these	their	thy	
,	:	from	
into	in	
yea	and	2	patient	
thee	his	herself	
opened	of	fled	
waste	,	?	.	
of	was	for	.	
on	;	:	,	
is	was	came	were	
out	
your	their	heart	
them	out	forth	.	
a	
:	.	
and	8	44	38	
of	the	thine	before	
.	was	?	
to	out	,	.	
after	them	
of	sought	,	
in	on	,	
,	:	
the	jacob	cruelty	
we	ye	
the	their	[	
and	where	for	hazarhatticon	
perished	sunk	dismayed	come	
;	when	the	
him	the	thee	
hand	very	my	
toward	in	,	.	
yourselves	the	them	you	
of	thy	
among	that	in	
thee	me	his	
forehead	head	
:	.	,	shall	
me	this	
[	man	we	one	
with	at	.	
even	the	them	,	
our	seven	[	witness	
me	counsellors	princes	
a	and	aside	
and	even	my	he	
dwelt	;	,	than	
,	a	;	
be	bring	the	
on	is	thus	in	
unto	,	'	
,	:	
us	thine	thy	
,	;	.	
,	
11	and	31	therefore	
came	are	have	exhorted	
;	,	
the	jerusalem	
mystery	four	head	tradition	
me	upon	,	
heard	seen	built	visited	
to	the	,	.	
:	by	in	
,	from	three	in	
the	his	
men	his	the	
me	them	his	unto	
shall	a	,	
me	and	the	them	
peace	
all	some	
to	
an	a	the	
?	
and	thou	for	
feet	abounded	rest	honour	
thou	have	
,	over	for	
and	
the	wrath	
,	and	
tree	
[	his	them	
[	the	
deceit	the	oppression	none	
the	not	
;	like	is	
will	is	was	befell	
and	so	why	she	
again	with	,	against	
him	out	
and	of	alas	
14	47	2	
[	:	ten	shall	
incense	the	in	
,	worthy	.	
.	is	shall	
their	any	evil	that	
i	and	sing	
all	forth	the	out	
the	
down	;	into	
1	18	5	
brethren	garments	cattle	
speed	raised	
3	35	6	
a	us	thereupon	
you	
[	which	before	
and	which	
over	
from	for	
an	horse	
of	the	that	
all	every	
in	for	
,	into	
19	15	17	
together	himself	
and	)	so	
,	:	
,	
without	his	.	
may	might	hear	
[	
in	naked	
[	his	israel	
spread	set	come	
lest	or	for	
[	son	
men	chariots	
and	of	28	
me	thee	
and	:	with	
me	the	him	
to	,	.	
you	,	?	
the	themselves	mine	
go	their	12	
:	,	.	
hair	time	
her	them	
met	sent	
me	the	us	
,	to	
night	day	
the	
,	
[	ladies	
to	them	
his	
shall	.	
a	it	.	
yea	what	neither	
her	words	
[	himself	him	
thee	gold	
the	off	[	
the	innocent	
for	make	
10	when	for	
upon	thereon	
and	
?	thy	that	
children	members	more	
being	for	in	
the	
thou	
the	himself	lot	
unto	;	
the	against	her	
not	there	under	
19	13	
looked	prayed	will	
his	
disciples	
,	:	
in	to	
anointed	]	at	
down	with	
on	upon	
,	.	
[	upon	;	
and	brought	
a	given	
by	,	
brought	obeyed	not	
not	the	higher	
life	
;	:	,	
grown	given	fallen	
a	mischief	,	
on	away	his	
the	through	
to	?	hath	
[	came	
all	lowing	[	
pounds	talents	
10	2	14	
[	is	,	
them	the	
the	
known	blastus	peace	
,	
which	[	
himself	
.	;	
wherewith	,	
of	
is	but	
;	?	one	
,	till	
you	them	
the	every	
11	13	14	
,	.	
.	,	
hath	is	.	
the	
as	,	in	
them	to	
me	them	us	
the	knowledge	
them	the	
.	,	
delight	brother	servants	
thou	
saying	[	the	
me	us	
a	also	:	
,	;	
of	;	thereof	
removed	had	took	
.	micaiah	
,	
the	
gates	officers	foundations	
them	into	
cutting	the	unrighteousness	
sayings	voice	word	
and	26	
did	looked	buried	
work	act	wives	
them	my	,	
[	and	
[	for	unto	
break	flow	melt	
among	on	to	
offered	have	would	
the	a	
thy	
of	iron	he	
iniquity	down	are	
forth	
,	[	
were	was	shall	
the	peter	
fallen	afraid	come	
him	you	
murmurings	words	
:	,	in	
him	them	
,	in	
is	that	
[	was	;	
and	on	upon	
and	he	
will	believe	shall	
which	,	
why	but	that	
to	in	
not	
10	30	17	
be	shall	in	
11	32	so	
cry	
to	.	
thou	
the	tail	beard	
with	still	
him	thy	it	
and	shebaniah	3	
remaining	inheritance	
sons	cities	
[	occasions	
in	
and	zeboim	
]	,	thy	
from	up	,	
thyself	my	thy	
grief	to	darkness	
his	up	out	
forbear	it	that	
his	him	for	
me	a	evermore	
himself	and	
hither	after	hereunto	
toward	repaired	by	
was	
:	,	wherein	
from	,	in	
25	yet	10	
among	thee	out	
so	is	was	
of	,	yet	
and	,	at	
live	hearken	more	
and	the	for	
commanded	made	promised	
all	thee	
shall	is	
in	,	.	
heart	[	captain	
as	,	.	
me	ar	with	
8	12	5	
[	the	any	
,	.	
12	2	17	
eyes	manners	understanding	
,	:	
and	
,	
and	saying	shechem	
uriah	,	for	
thee	with	them	
not	:	,	
woe	4	16	
my	with	
i	and	[	
pharaoh	him	
with	,	.	
[	flourish	.	
on	,	for	
he	it	
lovers	nor	but	
the	
;	?	
:	,	nor	
the	
all	the	thy	
3	7	6	
dan	gad	for	
thee	it	,	
yea	2	though	
and	10	forsake	
you	strange	in	
of	
upon	:	from	
are	shall	
to	over	greatly	
the	
other	days	times	
himself	thee	
also	waxed	came	
heaviness	pain	joy	
trouble	the	
,	[	
,	.	
thy	his	
that	,	.	
;	:	
,	
from	,	in	
garments	,	
not	
.	,	
upon	down	
of	
being	joy	request	
aloud	,	.	
many	the	you	
heavens	the	
my	the	
remembrance	[	success	
the	within	out	
,	:	
,	unto	
all	my	the	
and	all	unto	
the	pharaoh	
of	her	in	
up	
on	,	in	
the	him	us	
shall	
his	[	
a	the	fine	
the	thee	
them	
,	.	
the	
a	the	witness	
the	
destroyed	
and	saying	if	
,	?	.	
his	her	
them	thee	all	
was	came	falleth	
bind	findeth	loved	
,	dropped	
his	
a	this	he	
[	:	are	
his	back	fast	
and	the	seventy	
no	compassion	
the	five	one	
;	,	in	
.	prosper	
of	,	.	
fire	a	.	
[	;	
dinah	their	
11	10	39	
wages	heir	longer	
.	come	
an	some	jesus	
of	
for	and	
nothing	respect	authority	
cried	rejoiced	
anger	derision	our	
.	,	
and	
begotten	
to	before	
;	,	.	
,	among	
son	edomite	
as	that	shall	
agagite	
on	the	.	
our	
to	,	shall	
s	
[	the	
eaten	more	
,	.	
my	him	?	
and	44	
,	to	
.	,	
well	treacherously	
goodly	,	thy	
of	and	
a	]	war	
come	but	
appealed	done	suffered	
son	sixth	
of	without	,	
a	seven	him	
,	
of	
his	the	
before	with	.	
the	them	up	
contain	
not	made	utterly	
know	do	
unto	
face	
:	walked	.	
from	,	
.	:	
;	into	have	
neighbour	palaces	people	
son	sister	
peace	tongue	
.	,	
crete	the	ships	
he	,	.	
you	thee	him	
oil	
over	
throne	pavilion	bounty	
s	
the	them	
beside	this	two	
him	
[	of	
i	saith	that	
of	great	that	
homeborn	woman	man	
child	hurt	people	
the	to	
all	
all	my	you	
me	us	
[	his	it	
in	
dressed	father	son	
unto	to	
[	there	revealeth	
them	thunder	
of	,	
,	?	are	
10	29	6	
off	
[	]	
destruction	of	
a	abroad	it	
he	any	by	
thee	him	.	
the	my	them	
them	the	
the	them	witness	
the	me	
the	a	
the	,	
8	13	2	
thee	himself	the	
of	his	it	
down	upon	
:	,	.	
mercy	like	an	
of	into	
with	:	upon	
ye	thou	
and	
me	[	us	
26	at	22	
toward	by	shall	
not	receive	work	
there	
[	
a	.	in	
to	the	an	
anger	disciples	son	
the	boldly	
obtained	these	,	
therein	,	in	
,	of	
this	but	in	
did	sent	
his	
king	ezrahite	son	
all	up	.	
the	three	
shechem	unto	
which	
unto	
thee	his	off	
,	to	
and	revelation	27	
righteousness	talent	face	
your	visions	
pelonite	paltite	
more	
stones	and	
me	god	thy	
?	against	,	
him	and	
he	ye	
destroyed	
.	,	
before	,	
beast	thy	man	
,	
trumpets	psalteries	cymbals	
ishmael	,	abram	
all	]	her	
these	within	,	
lord	victuals	money	
.	thy	between	
their	the	his	
is	are	that	
me	the	thee	
all	take	which	
ashes	purpose	barley	
is	breadth	
,	lamentation	
also	now	that	
,	and	
[	
servant	soul	
words	tidings	
the	built	took	
fight	liveth	strive	
part	tidings	healing	
god	the	
and	
is	:	in	
unto	to	
and	so	she	
be	israel	us	
the	his	forth	
still	mattithiah	speechless	
mischief	wicked	
perfect	great	day	
the	as	.	
,	which	
,	
against	,	
charged	
me	[	her	
of	with	at	
be	
the	thee	
the	an	
and	10	but	
31	38	41	
and	withered	
and	leave	
the	
not	dead	girded	
33	go	16	
therefore	,	in	
to	cometh	is	
destroyed	separated	made	
them	the	that	
that	incense	.	
out	thee	
[	:	from	
of	seed	man	
life	own	father	
the	[	all	
]	,	.	
become	:	called	
.	,	
the	love	
,	unto	.	
the	his	wisdom	
ilai	28	of	
themselves	it	
24	4	7	
of	
the	every	
places	looks	
head	sword	raiment	
themselves	,	?	
the	them	,	
8	4	66	
to	the	against	
:	,	
!	among	in	
,	
of	devils	
him	me	
,	;	
form	words	dew	
to	]	.	
the	me	
among	on	
.	,	
,	
the	their	
men	
of	round	many	
face	
sought	laid	done	
unto	.	
,	.	
prophetess	strong	place	
lies	the	every	
and	4	6	
that	of	
and	an	
the	himself	others	
;	up	no	
the	thine	thy	
not	all	the	
thinkest	to	and	
the	god	
all	these	
the	paul	
[	:	
:	.	out	
faith	the	
9	8	53	
son	third	skin	
[	;	exceedingly	
in	
.	:	
;	and	
levites	woman	jews	
then	3	
a	upon	
:	at	gave	
,	
their	[	for	
behold	the	16	
in	took	,	
also	unto	to	
the	seen	
11	18	4	
,	he	
.	and	
five	,	ten	
with	from	of	
all	upon	[	
smite	aliens	eat	
alone	;	that	
.	that	
the	a	
and	[	shall	
it	all	
time	glory	child	
the	twenty	
me	them	[	
shed	they	which	
you	from	between	
his	beasts	
.	,	
and	behold	13	
of	toward	was	
a	summer	you	
,	against	.	
and	,	
twelve	him	in	
not	their	
down	
and	,	unto	
and	,	
of	:	?	
face	lord	
dedicated	sent	
[	the	kadmiel	
the	,	thy	
,	to	
sceptre	seven	
unto	for	before	
with	;	
and	they	
a	you	out	
the	
putting	,	her	
,	between	
are	upon	
my	the	
to	the	were	
kingdom	house	work	
in	also	
hath	full	to	
sister	
.	to	
to	in	
lamps	counsellors	
,	
body	,	
these	[	
the	his	ramothgilead	
,	.	
,	be	
reins	minds	in	
the	
and	[	or	
for	the	
them	for	
:	,	which	
fulfilled	done	decreed	
the	
the	his	
,	
;	,	spoil	
upon	by	out	
of	
on	for	
[	
;	:	.	
he	
.	
up	forth	
and	there	if	
and	9	after	
and	sarai	putting	
33	8	genesis	
,	of	
butter	the	milk	
gifts	and	in	
thou	
a	,	
his	her	
4	5	
i	for	that	
,	only	
a	these	unto	
depart	for	
you	yonder	
his	
the	his	
the	
both	live	
upon	.	
:	
:	
day	
[	him	
of	,	
all	thine	
.	
such	things	
things	vineyards	
moreover	unto	
life	
believed	then	
and	so	
thou	for	
me	
to	
of	
every	with	
pillars	birds	
kings	away	
the	them	
the	men	
with	,	
shall	
the	
an	
go	the	
the	with	
thousand	parts	
thou	[	
kill	seek	
forgive	
the	his	
the	your	
upon	incense	
over	
from	.	
me	all	
away	us	
better	great	
to	
to	
about	
be	
and	
23	16	
against	.	
them	
the	15	
of	
it	an	
[	the	
,	
his	that	
the	my	
evil	that	
,	
thee	that	
was	
also	,	
feasts	
strength	
and	for	
.	
many	.	
the	jerusalem	
suffered	spake	
fathers	fruit	
not	away	
to	?	
done	testimony	
thyself	her	
as	in	
of	
and	that	
particularly	unto	
fire	shall	
the	
him	unto	
with	
[	unto	
[	
tremble	bow	
the	
of	?	
the	
more	
coats	daughters	
me	
shalt	
to	shall	
again	
[	thee	
me	
:	round	
meat	besides	
there	
taken	
with	no	
to	
,	?	
,	shall	
the	
and	in	
unto	
:	
enter	
mine	us	
is	
in	left	
,	.	
,	seeketh	
that	.	
make	establish	
to	through	
thy	
:	,	
heart	
a	
:	ten	
the	
[	
the	thy	
not	no	
slain	stayed	
their	,	
males	priests	
,	.	
went	cured	
and	i	
them	manifest	
and	what	
the	
see	help	
.	
their	:	
the	,	
wrath	power	
,	?	
saying	that	
high	[	
19	fear	
your	
not	multiplied	
also	things	
continual	sorrow	
off	
my	thy	
to	my	
27	17	
heart	face	
gazez	lot	
a	[	
two	
me	you	
[	that	
in	
you	fenced	
me	the	
in	
great	he	
fever	thief	
that	
;	them	
mouths	hoofs	
people	cattle	
sippai	saph	
,	that	
:	by	
the	thee	
,	.	
14	
blessed	?	
is	them	
the	
and	displeasure	
the	
by	
[	shall	
the	
thus	thy	
the	
,	him	
provoked	done	
[	have	
not	
money	in	
thither	
the	them	
down	
:	for	
the	part	
remain	the	
you	
the	your	
;	:	
all	,	
of	him	
ago	
the	them	
,	
taken	
in	before	
disciple	he	
for	in	
my	us	
love	lay	
before	in	
me	
8	behold	
of	
the	astonishment	
.	
me	mine	
them	all	
and	as	
their	every	
me	the	
:	before	
of	the	
from	.	
words	
to	him	
cannot	
seer	
their	other	
like	
;	,	
forth	captivity	
to	the	
part	wisdom	
,	
from	,	
;	
me	thee	
,	
the	time	
thee	abraham	
9	and	
purple	the	
things	
.	
[	
pillars	green	
at	.	
.	
is	shall	
not	to	
because	for	
and	6	
with	,	
the	it	
shined	shall	
and	lightly	
out	
;	him	
,	in	
sayings	
his	two	
to	
mercy	it	
the	
defile	make	
out	in	
kings	
me	such	
,	in	
.	
;	against	
up	
a	her	
many	before	
,	.	
removed	joyful	
the	
and	first	
from	
me	them	
,	
depart	come	
of	in	
the	
destroyed	
my	,	
the	together	
brought	shall	
and	is	
a	the	
apostles	israel	
;	,	
the	[	
the	
them	out	
many	we	
our	us	
boards	
we	
plant	fruits	
,	
of	[	
against	.	
thou	
and	about	
,	.	
for	
hotly	provided	
come	,	
the	
against	
israel	;	
:	in	
the	him	
and	methuselah	
:	toward	
known	
is	in	
of	[	
not	nothing	
hands	
into	
:	in	
for	
spears	lamps	
the	
off	
image	
ever	
of	in	
upon	
him	,	
glory	power	
males	men	
me	counsel	
the	,	
me	
broken	are	
among	was	
shall	
and	among	
life	
as	
him	
because	have	
deuteronmy	6	
ye	nor	
the	
,	in	
him	jesus	
a	with	
their	judah	
[	like	
,	in	
sick	filled	
jeduthun	
and	eat	
the	thy	
them	
come	.	
,	for	
,	.	
i	ye	
[	
thirst	
,	
perform	be	
of	
55	53	
over	:	
his	topheth	
god	the	
go	utter	
.	
,	
multitudes	,	
taken	overwhelmed	
and	strengthen	
and	that	
and	because	
enemy	hand	
the	
for	that	
7	16	
and	,	
maaseiah	eliezer	
revolted	corrupted	
of	[	
false	
able	subject	
are	shall	
thee	him	
and	your	
gotten	purchased	
layeth	wrote	
and	gave	
22	6	
me	vessels	
lie	seek	
all	men	
on	:	
thee	thy	
25	from	
28	4	
the	my	
in	
found	granted	
with	
to	the	
in	.	
.	
unto	.	
among	those	
to	
every	he	
[	from	
of	,	
enter	
many	much	
with	
unto	
the	
her	
them	zeresh	
saw	,	
of	
my	against	
[	that	
the	them	
his	
,	
feet	men	
[	.	
son	
garment	breeches	
;	,	
the	her	
brake	in	
and	,	
,	between	
me	among	
yet	
;	:	
[	unto	
me	you	
conversation	
the	him	
the	[	
:	,	
any	against	
me	it	
many	on	
,	
not	the	
may	terrify	
in	
19	3	
upon	
brought	[	
,	
unto	
hateth	:	
forth	blood	
[	,	
sound	
[	it	
sabbaths	
the	his	
went	
their	his	
[	,	
the	
,	.	
the	
my	
,	
our	the	
of	
for	under	
me	it	
.	shall	
be	wife	
me	us	
i	what	
[	the	
[	unto	
saying	to	
rose	[	
to	,	
philetus	alexander	
the	:	
them	thee	
ones	rivers	
me	in	
bowmen	mules	
thou	i	
this	the	
himself	come	
and	because	
within	are	
i	than	
;	,	
of	our	
his	
violently	
do	hear	
majesty	greatness	
the	her	
himself	his	
;	.	
in	shall	
and	that	
the	
12	nay	
and	
to	unto	
the	
,	in	
,	
?	
to	.	
things	
;	,	
:	.	
,	against	
the	
[	jesus	
upon	,	
all	,	
the	good	
and	3	
28	29	
.	out	
8	26	
golden	crown	
40	23	
5	50	
10	look	
out	
cattle	
on	by	
[	
seeth	see	
all	any	
and	in	
gloriously	
them	the	
have	.	
them	all	
thee	the	
the	strength	
a	her	
thou	unto	
them	alive	
:	,	
be	,	
virgins	men	
,	in	
over	slowly	
[	the	
the	his	
things	
sick	man	
stars	times	
mine	
19	3	
confidence	seal	
her	
[	what	
his	
54	52	
fire	the	
)	20	
him	
,	in	
,	
angels	prayer	
and	
to	,	
against	
and	
the	.	
he	
[	every	
;	until	
as	
]	descent	
him	
as	,	
servant	son	
from	in	
spot	witness	
on	
thy	
the	
the	none	
their	every	
his	cyrus	
;	,	
wrote	have	
uncle	
and	[	
of	
:	.	
they	
will	shall	
[	shall	
whatsoever	though	
,	against	
and	[	
and	the	
,	
among	[	
and	
things	
may	was	
a	and	
[	,	
broken	stroke	
him	
and	.	
no	
written	was	
all	
even	till	
will	call	
the	with	
be	believe	
'	
him	
,	
went	was	
the	
:	,	
all	sea	
in	
[	with	
kinswomen	,	
proverbs	13	
.	
earth	grass	
the	
king	
[	,	
judged	wakened	
,	
by	or	
lies	,	
conceived	no	
then	he	
i	and	
from	up	
glad	sick	
me	
;	or	
their	my	
50	49	
up	him	
manner	that	
the	
,	which	
words	
convinced	oppressed	
her	offer	
:	?	
;	unto	
pillars	servants	
all	them	
had	stopped	
me	them	
finger	hand	
[	that	
what	was	
in	.	
be	speak	
brought	the	
to	his	
on	thereon	
,	'	
with	,	
:	,	
them	
the	
like	drew	
,	by	
[	
you	
work	shall	
.	shall	
iron	
till	
,	.	
from	which	
to	in	
shall	.	
any	
me	
[	him	
,	
,	
exceeding	been	
shall	
3	because	
of	him	
:	he	
there	from	
as	because	
:	from	
;	,	
to	;	
,	
will	told	
again	,	
30	14	
the	his	
the	with	
thee	the	
full	defiled	
.	
to	
the	
hand	
every	.	
up	
and	
out	
them	the	
did	,	
[	.	
[	
also	to	
chief	shield	
from	,	
the	
a	things	
conversation	loins	
brought	in	
and	
have	
them	unto	
[	the	
thine	my	
[	part	
the	
[	he	
might	,	
,	
with	,	
spiritual	
[	for	
they	.	
and	he	
be	is	
to	
the	from	
it	that	
i	been	
of	the	
,	
be	perish	
through	
a	playing	
all	was	
,	
[	
and	
david	
hundred	fingers	
in	that	
this	for	
of	righteousness	
,	came	
over	in	
take	abide	
against	unto	
be	,	
:	.	
,	
the	dwelleth	
,	.	
the	pharaoh	
dwelt	consumed	
[	with	
the	meat	
us	
:	.	
go	bring	
you	one	
till	;	
to	.	
:	,	
;	:	
[	
and	
a	the	
perverseness	no	
;	
a	]	
;	,	
and	not	
whence	the	
,	
at	.	
thee	themselves	
himself	,	
loruhamah	him	
treasure	people	
up	
toward	unto	
heart	eyes	
of	.	
his	thy	
their	the	
:	shall	
and	
be	
for	
down	
put	the	
down	out	
behind	by	
thee	them	
13	6	
all	
i	
the	
8	the	
at	.	
the	
:	in	
to	as	
[	.	
to	also	
come	sweep	
30	15	
thy	
26	elika	
:	,	
,	
knowest	
a	
and	sweet	
in	
19	18	
to	against	
and	
him	us	
sore	
humbled	overcharged	
:	.	
jair	there	
king	
[	
also	,	
every	
be	.	
,	
his	
.	
the	no	
whither	.	
thirty	35	
:	in	
me	the	
,	in	
these	the	
the	himself	
water	an	
,	
,	
be	he	
trembled	rejoiceth	
the	his	
be	with	
,	.	
a	them	
and	34	
as	,	
;	:	
dead	
by	
;	:	
according	.	
and	that	
of	,	
our	us	
,	or	
me	
to	,	
every	
;	thee	
his	jeiel	
thee	
in	
11	how	
with	,	
voice	out	
,	
,	
me	sedition	
and	themselves	
,	.	
the	21	
.	
the	
the	david	
put	that	
and	as	
,	in	
the	
me	us	
wherefore	therefore	
sake	
on	'	
then	32	
11	19	
the	
.	
thousand	cities	
and	that	
resurrection	quietly	
here	that	
and	so	
as	for	
perfectly	than	
my	true	
as	was	
,	
wag	gnash	
and	no	
the	
understand	they	
jehiel	bukkiah	
,	?	
the	himself	
mine	morning	
thereunto	for	
,	unto	
is	said	
s	
god	genesis	
and	because	
me	
the	him	
themselves	
his	
the	
,	
of	
israel	
,	.	
already	with	
and	
to	:	
and	with	
;	
and	
upon	before	
damascus	.	
the	,	
displeased	
the	
sorrow	
the	thee	
gathered	likened	
8	[	
therefore	they	
three	two	
a	flint	
knowledge	.	
into	came	
the	his	
the	that	
satisfy	;	
them	out	
bonnets	breeches	
,	
it	
a	
;	.	
the	he	
[	
,	that	
them	for	
,	
,	
me	:	
the	within	
thee	with	
18	14	
also	him	
their	flesh	
and	16	
and	nor	
the	undefiled	
to	
messengers	
of	
[	,	
the	
the	them	
unto	shall	
withstood	offended	
desolate	
the	his	
ye	
24	the	
me	you	
i	not	
is	:	
against	
unto	
,	are	
12	16	
newly	spit	
the	thy	
a	an	
himself	
,	shall	
.	in	
the	upon	
all	
[	the	
head	
about	him	
a	and	
the	[	
may	[	
him	
heart	land	
brought	
,	that	
[	
the	
they	
,	
thou	
and	
outlandish	david	
themselves	.	
my	
clouds	
this	,	
his	
also	,	
favour	whore	
;	,	
to	against	
of	
,	.	
saith	faith	
his	it	
and	spare	
and	which	
the	signs	
and	forty	
word	escape	
.	
them	
is	.	
to	unto	
shalt	
poor	unfruitful	
them	out	
with	
the	heaven	
,	.	
,	?	
anathoth	an	
force	face	
the	
over	in	
thy	
or	until	
perished	lost	
of	.	
mercies	
of	
where	sickness	
,	
of	,	
prophet	
israel	[	
whom	[	
the	[	
and	[	
this	his	
the	him	
unjustly	with	
they	
being	did	
thee	upon	
not	to	
as	shall	
the	
after	for	
the	
and	said	
18	2	
scum	men	
and	thousand	
you	it	
5	4	
tongue	peace	
the	us	
gathered	but	
this	thy	
the	
stopped	opened	
be	
and	
?	
the	my	
of	
my	us	
him	up	
up	
the	in	
;	that	
and	set	
thee	
the	
the	ye	
not	
18	numbers	
deeply	,	
do	beware	
heard	trespassed	
,	
bars	beginning	
;	other	
[	
the	his	
would	
hundred	daughters	
here	
thy	
isaac	you	
him	
me	saul	
the	that	
destroy	
from	,	
to	him	
their	daniel	
,	
before	
.	
[	
his	it	
days	times	
that	
keeper	that	
yet	against	
not	to	
go	help	
thy	
a	apt	
him	,	
with	.	
come	,	
chamber	lip	
undergirding	governments	
from	
13	17	
by	
:	,	
from	every	
him	.	
together	
and	for	
for	
yoke	
on	is	
,	
day	,	
over	,	
full	,	
in	
on	in	
[	,	
me	it	
the	
thousand	sons	
fast	.	
even	21	
over	.	
,	
his	him	
,	.	
what	
of	
;	,	
their	the	
ghost	:	
hasteth	,	
of	unto	
i	for	
them	thee	
for	but	
not	his	
and	,	
to	the	
24	for	
that	
,	child	
sickle	bow	
me	
to	:	
how	that	
a	the	
at	but	
dwelt	patience	
them	peter	
;	
this	the	
and	whom	
[	ram	
the	
and	the	
to	there	
in	
11	43	
nothing	.	
to	together	
you	
thee	the	
to	upon	
,	in	
unto	
[	let	
,	.	
the	my	
them	the	
,	in	
israel	
55	57	
his	pharaoh	
looked	have	
,	rent	
[	son	
tables	
this	to	
much	saw	
it	
to	
and	unto	
]	
all	them	
and	
[	art	
no	rebellion	
to	
to	.	
so	,	
unto	
upon	him	
and	.	
be	
see	hear	
12	15	
to	
of	unto	
;	.	
of	
3	they	
,	shall	
christ	him	
this	his	
innocent	.	
thee	us	
hast	wouldest	
the	his	
dead	highly	
13	3	
;	:	
me	
a	out	
them	him	
,	for	
:	,	
them	us	
,	
are	shall	
peace	
,	?	
thee	the	
great	the	
mercy	
shuni	the	
my	
,	
;	that	
the	long	
land	backsliding	
in	
,	
god	my	
this	it	
them	thy	
on	into	
asses	goats	
the	according	
there	ten	
cush	
24	28	
?	.	
and	
to	over	
unto	
the	his	
;	,	
it	grasshoppers	
,	
jesus	
also	,	
seven	hoofs	
:	,	
months	
;	.	
will	of	
with	.	
!	,	
i	shall	
jacob	abraham	
,	abroad	
the	moab	
a	obeyed	
hope	an	
sharp	his	
:	,	
;	:	
to	
[	had	
them	hold	
behold	16	
,	
to	from	
,	
his	thereupon	
eyes	counsel	
with	by	
8	20	
on	,	
[	which	
.	
all	the	
his	my	
day	
many	them	
who	with	
the	him	
be	
go	come	
;	,	
to	
on	:	
the	[	
their	,	
:	
the	
with	
for	
all	
mordecai	that	
me	him	
him	
over	
[	spoiling	
me	us	
it	
egyptian	
sons	faces	
to	him	
the	my	
the	zorah	
this	all	
his	
brother	son	
among	with	
which	.	
[	it	
,	
a	eternal	
]	together	
the	
his	him	
throughout	every	
my	it	
the	
the	those	
through	
prophetess	
joseph	unto	
to	,	
the	
voice	
a	
all	
son	
them	in	
is	waited	
neighbour	sister	
,	
a	,	
till	for	
of	.	
the	my	
his	against	
himself	an	
on	him	
seed	
even	was	
shall	
perished	
cords	
back	
.	
two	
:	
of	
spirits	
cast	
with	
who	
:	
33	
he	
not	
with	
to	
tell	
heareth	
:	
a	
unto	
and	
.	
the	
alone	
;	
praising	
in	
and	
long	
thee	
thy	
selah	
,	
out	
:	
to	
than	
means	
,	
'	
,	
,	
the	
valleys	
us	
one	
,	
come	
,	
,	
after	
in	
the	
thence	
for	
,	
him	
.	
5	
blessing	
spring	
of	
another	
[	
through	
peace	
up	
more	
wood	
,	
prey	
many	
the	
the	
[	
be	
the	
three	
,	
unto	
in	
1	
1	
1	
1	
1	
1	
1	
1	
1	
,	
his	
before	
be	
was	
him	
the	
.	
,	
not	
the	
?	
captivity	
tree	
:	
is	
which	
against	
thee	
and	
the	
unto	
are	
siege	
13	
the	
sinners	
the	
'	
for	
thine	
the	
;	
manasseh	
the	
.	
s	
the	
themselves	
fed	
first	
to	
his	
to	
it	
than	
to	
with	
made	
god	
]	
or	
behold	
.	
goeth	
of	
,	
not	
rain	
measures	
him	
and	
colours	
my	
running	
[	
for	
,	
14	
all	
jesus	
had	
,	
up	
heard	
deliver	
pressed	
.	
porches	
commend	
.	
will	
me	
as	
wave	
not	
day	
gave	
,	
times	
on	
you	
me	
;	
doth	
adullamite	
king	
,	
and	
closed	
,	
will	
.	
the	
the	
in	
be	
the	
,	
to	
all	
,	
with	
is	
to	
and	
but	
13	
,	
they	
and	
[	
unto	
these	
his	
in	
sufficiency	
the	
,	
and	
against	
again	
than	
themselves	
,	
me	
the	
7	
also	
in	
into	
they	
this	
order	
you	
5	
of	
every	
31	
6	
the	
and	
6	
planteth	
murmurings	
one	
the	
and	
?	
us	
,	
through	
,	
20	
until	
shiloh	
shall	
:	
perfect	
and	
unto	
and	
son	
,	
one	
than	
from	
,	
,	
goeth	
over	
one	
to	
grace	
.	
flesh	
with	
opposest	
barley	
:	
coming	
.	
a	
of	
my	
,	
[	
bread	
himself	
into	
forth	
but	
there	
in	
the	
.	
her	
or	
,	
they	
the	
in	
zechariah	
shuppim	
10	
.	
for	
,	
ever	
the	
when	
my	
partridge	
cast	
my	
all	
himself	
you	
thee	
horses	
with	
[	
:	
given	
offered	
the	
'	
as	
,	
in	
silver	
to	
for	
before	
and	
the	
be	
thee	
your	
nothing	
profit	
himself	
unto	
;	
of	
,	
unto	
proportion	
:	
in	
from	
,	
unto	
i	
.	
:	
unto	
fruit	
a	
22	
,	
the	
enlightened	
his	
the	
the	
:	
[	
old	
in	
;	
iniquity	
in	
me	
by	
her	
unto	
day	
?	
the	
paul	
she	
was	
thou	
goats	
and	
17	
remained	
patrobas	
shall	
dishonoureth	
.	
and	
ye	
were	
his	
for	
they	
2	
and	
the	
saint	
,	
up	
.	
.	
the	
me	
their	
bound	
joshua	
him	
whithersoever	
me	
in	
;	
thee	
them	
mecherathite	
home	
3	
with	
be	
the	
chesnut	
to	
that	
baptist	
:	
also	
[	
a	
the	
sons	
and	
this	
.	
unto	
lord	
;	
30	
and	
the	
and	
?	
:	
and	
,	
the	
his	
workers	
the	
that	
make	
from	
questions	
unclean	
and	
of	
,	
into	
and	
,	
:	
for	
more	
the	
.	
seen	
coming	
and	
to	
unto	
the	
which	
the	
for	
thy	
on	
a	
i	
ornament	
[	
the	
him	
he	
,	
chamber	
once	
did	
,	
that	
himself	
the	
rule	
up	
not	
,	
.	
the	
travailed	
by	
state	
blessed	
blessed	
a	
two	
in	
.	
prophesied	
before	
defiled	
five	
thou	
to	
the	
times	
,	
the	
.	
:	
:	
the	
thus	
28	
me	
a	
break	
,	
:	
jerusalem	
.	
ye	
,	
the	
]	
days	
as	
[	
and	
25	
[	
and	
in	
the	
:	
word	
to	
as	
the	
them	
into	
27	
under	
me	
no	
me	
the	
soul	
of	
the	
parable	
an	
the	
judge	
2	
,	
so	
,	
to	
,	
.	
5	
their	
:	
his	
;	
on	
war	
,	
their	
strangers	
suffered	
long	
shall	
shall	
bare	
are	
up	
are	
hang	
,	
,	
to	
mischievous	
to	
,	
rods	
,	
forth	
,	
cure	
and	
to	
the	
the	
and	
moab	
sons	
,	
:	
:	
unto	
day	
himself	
and	
for	
,	
of	
.	
feeble	
:	
and	
and	
,	
the	
the	
heart	
a	
sit	
.	
?	
39	
preached	
,	
from	
grown	
,	
of	
of	
whose	
from	
child	
a	
thee	
in	
[	
with	
generation	
toward	
my	
himself	
offerings	
the	
shame	
me	
roast	
her	
cry	
hated	
of	
house	
me	
nothing	
[	
to	
kingdom	
[	
glad	
and	
lots	
multitude	
sleep	
1	
1	
30	
for	
unto	
of	
,	
me	
2	
the	
an	
away	
us	
for	
unto	
at	
and	
out	
unto	
,	
all	
him	
,	
ruin	
,	
:	
,	
come	
children	
in	
up	
forth	
,	
and	
and	
up	
22	
,	
faileth	
over	
neck	
mine	
the	
for	
.	
your	
speeches	
it	
his	
with	
[	
you	
,	
,	
themselves	
.	
anointing	
16	
unto	
through	
out	
before	
to	
in	
2	
spirit	
we	
,	
like	
;	
the	
unmarried	
thereto	
,	
his	
.	
,	
gotten	
and	
,	
psalms	
you	
ye	
cried	
[	
to	
a	
thy	
a	
mind	
sister	
wife	
in	
,	
with	
unto	
the	
many	
over	
food	
the	
,	
:	
the	
.	
her	
most	
or	
upon	
from	
he	
sinned	
;	
peace	
in	
confounded	
the	
unto	
their	
our	
in	
maid	
in	
1	
1	
1	
;	
down	
with	
you	
not	
,	
13	
great	
pillars	
,	
,	
unto	
.	
above	
in	
and	
of	
not	
go	
.	
out	
came	
the	
;	
,	
the	
to	
on	
that	
the	
which	
same	
eyes	
he	
,	
delivered	
my	
is	
him	
to	
and	
which	
and	
:	
my	
we	
as	
thigh	
my	
wickedness	
angels	
shall	
.	
exalted	
i	
3	
thou	
and	
it	
he	
him	
thy	
job	
[	
me	
thou	
of	
33	
the	
,	
his	
in	
up	
us	
and	
,	
generations	
33	
rain	
himself	
the	
him	
,	
shall	
of	
will	
in	
thee	
the	
against	
behold	
in	
against	
and	
prayer	
man	
,	
after	
him	
any	
hundred	
broken	
cover	
it	
him	
in	
christ	
them	
.	
many	
his	
any	
more	
all	
end	
in	
baskets	
unto	
god	
and	
;	
in	
you	
mourning	
be	
her	
covered	
cry	
leave	
,	
springeth	
,	
by	
with	
thy	
,	
and	
in	
goods	
unto	
departeth	
out	
wherewith	
into	
much	
from	
fear	
of	
depart	
,	
fair	
;	
the	
to	
had	
not	
unto	
me	
our	
i	
[	
22	
the	
,	
of	
,	
with	
be	
and	
the	
taken	
,	
against	
dwelt	
my	
in	
.	
the	
out	
at	
.	
,	
;	
thee	
because	
ever	
you	
not	
a	
you	
the	
the	
the	
[	
whithersoever	
8	
.	
and	
in	
my	
and	
:	
a	
was	
up	
unto	
.	
ever	
;	
before	
open	
you	
[	
charity	
offered	
by	
5	
that	
.	
[	
him	
,	
the	
and	
[	
,	
off	
and	
a	
a	
.	
the	
down	
?	
had	
33	
be	
in	
to	
your	
it	
him	
[	
son	
fire	
he	
the	
with	
!	
and	
sticks	
prince	
[	
the	
to	
and	
thy	
;	
also	
found	
.	
by	
and	
,	
.	
hast	
in	
the	
in	
unto	
8	
,	
i	
for	
called	
:	
are	
,	
perverseness	
unto	
the	
of	
the	
the	
up	
of	
[	
face	
6	
,	
husbands	
fetters	
.	
be	
out	
in	
the	
among	
king	
till	
hand	
under	
under	
was	
;	
great	
not	
the	
comfortably	
the	
it	
his	
.	
shewed	
in	
them	
mine	
are	
and	
and	
his	
.	
;	
high	
.	
that	
.	
,	
that	
forgave	
gaius	
double	
?	
men	
.	
wilt	
are	
covered	
smitten	
naked	
with	
my	
,	
came	
,	
and	
.	
of	
was	
.	
,	
that	
is	
a	
,	
my	
the	
greedily	
of	
us	
shall	
thy	
i	
iniquity	
masters	
they	
money	
those	
,	
[	
,	
their	
.	
punished	
thy	
all	
be	
out	
words	
the	
foretold	
it	
zechariah	
god	
and	
;	
azzur	
to	
place	
there	
god	
of	
with	
holy	
not	
.	
ye	
foot	
hard	
that	
solomon	
upon	
are	
or	
5	
let	
them	
15	
!	
to	
because	
god	
on	
the	
smooth	
away	
together	
the	
they	
pieces	
whole	
about	
down	
catcheth	
:	
blackness	
with	
2	
with	
i	
,	
and	
himself	
not	
.	
,	
,	
that	
;	
god	
.	
his	
attained	
left	
for	
1	
!	
out	
isaiah	
no	
not	
to	
good	
of	
,	
stand	
7	
me	
chariots	
shall	
thee	
them	
judgment	
to	
the	
thousand	
thy	
is	
in	
were	
him	
at	
up	
,	
.	
and	
up	
of	
[	
.	
them	
to	
the	
.	
his	
they	
come	
after	
kindness	
him	
a	
with	
and	
;	
stone	
gather	
plenty	
all	
,	
up	
to	
.	
,	
,	
all	
even	
,	
them	
with	
in	
all	
for	
arphad	
:	
treasure	
,	
themselves	
thy	
by	
sennacherib	
no	
unto	
thee	
the	
my	
manifold	
netophathite	
!	
we	
between	
:	
be	
,	
like	
mind	
the	
who	
there	
refreshed	
19	
and	
,	
and	
the	
heard	
[	
reproof	
hundred	
.	
me	
[	
into	
of	
,	
dwelt	
for	
and	
remaineth	
off	
and	
their	
[	
sons	
engedi	
his	
16	
the	
thou	
away	
of	
the	
go	
in	
flesh	
cast	
.	
horse	
that	
against	
shall	
14	
should	
the	
seven	
the	
the	
from	
:	
,	
of	
on	
for	
,	
life	
2	
and	
again	
:	
drunken	
his	
barley	
another	
in	
the	
bread	
,	
.	
the	
to	
other	
with	
the	
i	
like	
in	
are	
,	
me	
5	
31	
,	
with	
and	
gifts	
the	
,	
ability	
of	
there	
nation	
at	
them	
]	
my	
and	
the	
53	
the	
himself	
his	
father	
her	
against	
not	
.	
]	
uphold	
the	
them	
,	
sent	
,	
to	
by	
you	
among	
give	
themselves	
,	
japhlet	
by	
the	
oversee	
and	
they	
by	
to	
ever	
him	
as	
and	
on	
from	
there	
thereof	
is	
to	
[	
him	
voice	
.	
them	
mattenai	
,	
among	
24	
and	
so	
?	
16	
.	
from	
[	
ashima	
nor	
for	
that	
.	
and	
more	
a	
spot	
fled	
manner	
iniquity	
not	
.	
thy	
,	
forgive	
earth	
,	
the	
to	
[	
up	
,	
enquired	
and	
the	
.	
the	
;	
,	
me	
,	
to	
even	
,	
with	
,	
delivered	
flesh	
the	
you	
after	
it	
down	
the	
eaten	
the	
[	
gift	
them	
in	
:	
is	
with	
a	
a	
?	
the	
your	
with	
sore	
any	
figs	
.	
his	
the	
father	
?	
age	
the	
,	
him	
for	
without	
so	
.	
judgment	
that	
his	
,	
the	
this	
unto	
many	
himself	
lawfully	
to	
thee	
what	
him	
in	
and	
men	
,	
a	
i	
them	
?	
ever	
?	
of	
and	
little	
son	
in	
,	
to	
,	
voice	
upon	
,	
solomon	
the	
own	
the	
thee	
me	
jehu	
from	
maimed	
now	
is	
out	
,	
committed	
estate	
:	
,	
all	
to	
:	
worms	
meet	
was	
shall	
up	
to	
father	
also	
horns	
,	
your	
and	
far	
broken	
1	
,	
the	
the	
in	
the	
31	
for	
five	
all	
in	
workers	
thy	
in	
before	
dead	
to	
house	
and	
and	
away	
children	
,	
for	
ye	
,	
,	
we	
an	
;	
nothing	
;	
in	
shall	
burnt	
thy	
be	
soul	
my	
loose	
to	
fire	
by	
abroad	
devoured	
heirs	
angel	
the	
the	
multiplied	
their	
and	
against	
even	
that	
that	
in	
his	
;	
reacheth	
at	
the	
me	
of	
piece	
the	
every	
left	
no	
endure	
thy	
the	
shall	
shall	
.	
this	
;	
[	
him	
,	
her	
wherewith	
:	
12	
and	
thee	
turned	
from	
do	
and	
unto	
having	
mocked	
them	
thee	
.	
in	
,	
thee	
is	
up	
let	
:	
kin	
he	
an	
the	
with	
7	
whom	
in	
angry	
the	
:	
things	
[	
the	
unto	
6	
the	
not	
he	
shall	
was	
king	
and	
,	
before	
yea	
fall	
of	
.	
forth	
on	
thee	
ishod	
.	
and	
son	
grass	
,	
herself	
the	
the	
according	
,	
and	
[	
know	
on	
,	
the	
out	
:	
of	
that	
himself	
,	
on	
in	
of	
,	
.	
in	
the	
out	
much	
without	
ramathmizpeh	
men	
.	
,	
followed	
disciples	
?	
.	
daughter	
,	
the	
stone	
two	
destruction	
worship	
but	
we	
what	
sick	
,	
love	
middle	
the	
thyself	
for	
came	
to	
,	
and	
:	
,	
thus	
whom	
:	
jerusalem	
my	
men	
of	
me	
wine	
,	
you	
[	
them	
upon	
his	
dwell	
,	
a	
and	
from	
greatly	
of	
of	
the	
of	
6	
,	
before	
]	
that	
lord	
a	
hold	
endured	
:	
it	
deceived	
and	
my	
not	
for	
unto	
our	
,	
learned	
.	
,	
,	
.	
,	
axe	
after	
.	
the	
them	
,	
[	
.	
those	
bridle	
therefore	
?	
after	
,	
houses	
of	
?	
uri	
[	
,	
unto	
us	
cubits	
,	
,	
of	
not	
young	
,	
the	
out	
;	
'	
out	
hermon	
.	
6	
of	
his	
,	
the	
when	
hideth	
thee	
aroerite	
his	
,	
shall	
.	
to	
said	
glad	
and	
they	
of	
the	
hungry	
asking	
7	
from	
,	
,	
the	
them	
off	
;	
his	
receive	
me	
,	
fell	
:	
him	
much	
stood	
set	
[	
this	
laboureth	
the	
[	
;	
backslidings	
and	
i	
father	
.	
them	
envying	
.	
in	
about	
child	
one	
a	
,	
20	
of	
went	
pray	
dealing	
that	
thee	
the	
,	
to	
.	
,	
are	
the	
were	
a	
[	
;	
unto	
aprons	
;	
,	
.	
the	
shalt	
as	
.	
ashes	
and	
,	
heart	
.	
them	
unto	
.	
:	
the	
in	
:	
,	
;	
thy	
abundance	
the	
it	
?	
,	
prophesied	
her	
,	
from	
both	
it	
been	
yield	
i	
be	
thy	
too	
.	
more	
hungered	
part	
his	
the	
the	
her	
on	
.	
neither	
you	
?	
on	
saw	
,	
4	
,	
his	
.	
son	
me	
.	
the	
me	
,	
himself	
not	
down	
a	
,	
is	
[	
crieth	
that	
,	
furnace	
water	
;	
shall	
furiously	
,	
him	
,	
3	
]	
lift	
,	
aijalon	
,	
her	
the	
him	
david	
31	
,	
you	
cut	
at	
also	
for	
known	
labour	
me	
his	
upon	
her	
days	
the	
the	
17	
with	
,	
forth	
;	
committed	
snare	
be	
my	
of	
;	
bethzur	
up	
me	
this	
in	
him	
and	
[	
of	
.	
him	
and	
according	
father	
,	
for	
,	
my	
him	
yea	
the	
her	
.	
this	
:	
yourselves	
not	
.	
.	
might	
to	
not	
above	
gold	
house	
the	
on	
because	
,	
ye	
infirmities	
shame	
,	
maaseiah	
,	
the	
with	
for	
the	
18	
this	
after	
,	
dead	
,	
abomination	
of	
long	
the	
pass	
[	
17	
out	
in	
the	
and	
,	
rejected	
arpad	
and	
9	
3	
24	
,	
against	
,	
shall	
]	
up	
.	
him	
,	
thou	
.	
mercy	
from	
and	
not	
the	
to	
;	
and	
to	
,	
by	
1	
,	
,	
in	
and	
]	
the	
[	
great	
and	
.	
for	
shall	
the	
the	
in	
to	
beneath	
brother	
and	
hold	
shepham	
part	
,	
in	
in	
within	
them	
begat	
witness	
thee	
flock	
.	
as	
them	
reproach	
to	
the	
[	
3	
[	
at	
her	
the	
the	
god	
lost	
,	
shall	
of	
'	
.	
entreateth	
,	
.	
,	
afflicted	
him	
times	
his	
or	
afar	
them	
.	
of	
by	
are	
their	
,	
;	
and	
wherefore	
that	
to	
to	
;	
[	
40	
6	
years	
4	
restored	
the	
their	
,	
,	
understanding	
.	
call	
horses	
in	
fall	
and	
them	
my	
should	
enemies	
the	
acts	
;	
not	
protest	
:	
the	
these	
son	
all	
your	
wish	
of	
he	
dead	
,	
thing	
about	
.	
her	
his	
a	
,	
to	
principalities	
good	
her	
round	
sickness	
?	
greatest	
shall	
stood	
the	
.	
the	
,	
he	
his	
their	
of	
the	
with	
out	
the	
heaps	
.	
,	
upon	
,	
thy	
the	
themselves	
the	
wives	
[	
and	
rods	
,	
of	
and	
2	
brethren	
you	
god	
abroad	
us	
fire	
my	
,	
is	
and	
the	
no	
an	
and	
[	
,	
have	
thine	
,	
been	
them	
,	
continually	
preached	
one	
,	
[	
dead	
within	
[	
off	
the	
horses	
is	
things	
into	
upon	
sun	
moons	
cast	
after	
from	
to	
:	
to	
,	
and	
jesse	
of	
.	
who	
the	
for	
in	
hamul	
for	
compass	
[	
was	
altar	
s	
that	
like	
the	
very	
that	
to	
not	
,	
,	
,	
the	
[	
.	
.	
thee	
and	
:	
,	
thy	
how	
the	
it	
?	
21	
themselves	
;	
part	
for	
,	
,	
mouth	
heaven	
himself	
the	
take	
after	
[	
thee	
with	
:	
;	
who	
:	
thy	
,	
to	
they	
,	
up	
come	
15	
unto	
to	
moreover	
up	
fall	
the	
them	
them	
we	
zophah	
to	
that	
unto	
and	
he	
and	
the	
unto	
neither	
to	
my	
the	
face	
[	
his	
not	
?	
me	
friends	
out	
;	
deeds	
man	
:	
nigh	
:	
ordained	
unto	
power	
the	
of	
caleb	
like	
sons	
kinsman	
the	
of	
,	
my	
any	
sidonians	
wisely	
up	
matter	
,	
images	
behold	
,	
what	
firstborn	
in	
affliction	
instead	
believeth	
pileha	
.	
,	
soul	
and	
me	
themselves	
.	
the	
embrace	
the	
and	
sinned	
and	
and	
praise	
perished	
himself	
thou	
[	
;	
my	
bribes	
were	
thy	
seth	
?	
all	
[	
,	
son	
,	
,	
by	
at	
of	
them	
ordinances	
have	
12	
and	
an	
,	
gloriously	
himself	
10	
if	
baasha	
;	
the	
of	
very	
officers	
:	
and	
him	
did	
,	
enough	
in	
balances	
him	
was	
from	
nought	
dedicated	
up	
[	
the	
his	
father	
are	
of	
.	
lust	
of	
.	
[	
;	
fast	
their	
,	
,	
3	
best	
11	
and	
the	
was	
:	
the	
a	
peace	
is	
1	
on	
:	
.	
shall	
heard	
14	
justly	
a	
his	
compass	
shall	
sons	
the	
28	
with	
,	
[	
man	
from	
lambs	
thousand	
:	
jerusalem	
ye	
shall	
[	
and	
whether	
to	
[	
her	
before	
;	
of	
you	
evil	
a	
from	
carmelite	
;	
over	
his	
my	
perfect	
eyes	
out	
not	
the	
1	
built	
work	
to	
be	
.	
up	
him	
rose	
himself	
counselled	
the	
me	
against	
grief	
together	
two	
:	
unto	
him	
,	
for	
,	
with	
48	
been	
but	
me	
the	
:	
it	
[	
,	
that	
and	
,	
her	
vow	
are	
,	
of	
unto	
it	
and	
grape	
also	
in	
.	
end	
shall	
hath	
the	
against	
of	
,	
of	
:	
multiply	
of	
this	
he	
and	
round	
more	
me	
them	
recompence	
and	
all	
heard	
me	
exalted	
thy	
,	
to	
full	
him	
,	
this	
my	
[	
be	
cyprus	
of	
keeper	
on	
the	
,	
to	
live	
into	
me	
of	
to	
poor	
still	
praise	
that	
[	
that	
horses	
it	
her	
be	
before	
perform	
11	
east	
proved	
[	
life	
up	
[	
of	
it	
those	
,	
son	
,	
himself	
with	
trees	
sobriety	
to	
govern	
,	
the	
;	
seed	
his	
abram	
more	
of	
over	
of	
and	
the	
king	
among	
in	
to	
knives	
the	
thee	
,	
pharaoh	
:	
nor	
offerings	
nigh	
baara	
calve	
shall	
and	
the	
at	
faith	
fathers	
,	
,	
the	
rows	
3	
mine	
months	
or	
death	
not	
thorns	
,	
the	
[	
forth	
daily	
[	
this	
exalted	
,	
ears	
[	
and	
:	
.	
,	
nebo	
in	
grace	
made	
16	
the	
.	
that	
deal	
of	
a	
:	
[	
his	
safely	
in	
his	
and	
another	
from	
by	
and	
:	
their	
thereof	
out	
not	
19	
man	
him	
i	
have	
.	
children	
her	
a	
i	
.	
the	
unto	
for	
of	
of	
he	
effected	
,	
,	
content	
her	
harps	
for	
;	
to	
visited	
nigh	
all	
thousand	
it	
himself	
and	
;	
the	
,	
unto	
into	
against	
thou	
?	
sitting	
my	
,	
'	
enemies	
i	
slave	
,	
but	
they	
a	
unto	
jesus	
the	
and	
and	
people	
the	
a	
wife	
hand	
on	
,	
against	
,	
a	
might	
they	
the	
pirathonite	
thereto	
,	
:	
jesus	
forth	
i	
thirst	
,	
thy	
in	
on	
from	
with	
judged	
[	
,	
against	
into	
the	
and	
and	
pride	
themselves	
by	
spirit	
he	
on	
again	
him	
31	
[	
against	
cities	
out	
but	
at	
herself	
,	
the	
:	
2	
not	
a	
of	
showers	
the	
the	
,	
,	
[	
.	
the	
their	
city	
of	
carmelite	
,	
had	
the	
not	
fields	
,	
the	
things	
the	
ought	
upon	
be	
in	
syrians	
,	
;	
[	
all	
the	
from	
upon	
his	
and	
,	
followed	
lord	
and	
thousand	
this	
4	
,	
any	
;	
the	
:	
melt	
,	
five	
6	
thee	
waste	
by	
[	
we	
in	
dry	
and	
upon	
in	
no	
do	
a	
after	
s	
the	
him	
be	
men	
in	
he	
,	
,	
the	
thee	
when	
great	
under	
,	
laid	
himself	
a	
country	
of	
:	
'	
:	
heart	
shall	
season	
cities	
wherein	
with	
the	
1	
to	
was	
he	
my	
naaman	
and	
number	
him	
god	
not	
:	
his	
.	
his	
as	
,	
soul	
tidings	
1	
1	
cedar	
1	
son	
upon	
his	
fast	
prepared	
himself	
before	
no	
against	
,	
shot	
provoked	
in	
shall	
them	
away	
them	
husband	
her	
.	
increaseth	
in	
my	
from	
loss	
3	
out	
,	
stones	
is	
[	
bethelite	
a	
[	
cast	
,	
i	
paul	
he	
silence	
short	
ye	
her	
that	
,	
the	
.	
,	
,	
is	
[	
a	
the	
their	
.	
therefore	
,	
this	
brother	
received	
organ	
grieved	
and	
also	
24	
unoccupied	
of	
the	
unto	
son	
,	
before	
adultery	
of	
[	
his	
the	
a	
,	
the	
.	
them	
two	
unto	
.	
for	
him	
the	
to	
.	
[	
in	
in	
lying	
without	
,	
shall	
against	
his	
words	
tabernacles	
not	
that	
know	
no	
.	
s	
,	
us	
in	
on	
his	
.	
goldsmith	
and	
me	
it	
his	
.	
boast	
and	
and	
,	
we	
us	
the	
the	
.	
money	
is	
very	
waters	
and	
duke	
be	
all	
be	
,	
to	
me	
enough	
day	
my	
thee	
he	
:	
you	
rebelled	
gizonite	
he	
it	
1	
and	
1	
1	
[	
1	
1	
1	
1	
children	
,	
a	
to	
,	
and	
:	
as	
,	
to	
,	
given	
a	
months	
for	
.	
[	
inhabitants	
[	
me	
judgment	
.	
wheat	
their	
and	
with	
7	
the	
.	
.	
and	
no	
baalim	
me	
,	
,	
fail	
:	
the	
singer	
[	
the	
words	
;	
my	
hearts	
me	
member	
hardened	
to	
thing	
up	
tidings	
males	
matter	
glad	
right	
and	
in	
,	
!	
in	
[	
one	
;	
taken	
speed	
himself	
will	
i	
,	
wound	
own	
,	
of	
.	
over	
with	
to	
,	
,	
violence	
me	
cherubims	
not	
his	
me	
,	
the	
him	
in	
:	
sons	
.	
:	
7	
enlarged	
that	
be	
in	
s	
swifter	
the	
11	
hold	
you	
,	
maketh	
three	
upon	
heard	
his	
sackcloth	
because	
the	
always	
all	
,	
about	
,	
they	
his	
had	
steps	
and	
evil	
,	
ye	
,	
unto	
jerusalem	
to	
humbleth	
from	
a	
and	
war	
,	
from	
my	
the	
his	
behold	
without	
the	
fear	
the	
surprised	
,	
all	
,	
calved	
stones	
,	
of	
of	
overtook	
burnt	
the	
such	
me	
the	
delivered	
unto	
son	
,	
her	
,	
be	
water	
and	
in	
me	
in	
thee	
him	
son	
that	
oppressed	
his	
thee	
gave	
;	
,	
:	
.	
.	
of	
:	
the	
me	
our	
king	
,	
,	
,	
be	
bread	
not	
.	
16	
,	
for	
to	
good	
also	
.	
'	
he	
born	
the	
dwelt	
to	
god	
figs	
,	
ever	
,	
of	
?	
the	
and	
holding	
,	
,	
[	
unto	
kind	
,	
in	
a	
the	
the	
followed	
:	
with	
himself	
;	
the	
peter	
:	
which	
of	
the	
for	
one	
outcasts	
hearts	
myself	
naarah	
with	
to	
from	
about	
him	
he	
son	
all	
,	
spin	
,	
mayest	
,	
overshadow	
;	
the	
thee	
how	
gilead	
of	
[	
hearts	
i	
of	
of	
themselves	
with	
in	
at	
in	
.	
,	
were	
the	
,	
out	
given	
,	
the	
of	
,	
,	
,	
the	
over	
and	
he	
6	
shall	
all	
shall	
.	
;	
,	
unto	
34	
time	
of	
before	
,	
;	
hananiah	
,	
of	
for	
father	
in	
,	
;	
my	
cut	
and	
for	
among	
[	
is	
the	
possessed	
there	
with	
[	
millo	
her	
himself	
be	
of	
into	
made	
him	
one	
of	
with	
chaff	
the	
stand	
the	
a	
christ	
and	
more	
valleys	
,	
them	
them	
:	
,	
a	
another	
them	
according	
14	
the	
god	
:	
.	
done	
his	
20	
for	
that	
unto	
shall	
i	
also	
do	
under	
throughout	
on	
his	
over	
will	
hath	
you	
and	
:	
that	
aloud	
thy	
24	
;	
the	
accusation	
proved	
[	
and	
against	
report	
from	
were	
me	
unto	
the	
and	
:	
7	
that	
s	
now	
,	
not	
jushabhesed	
.	
took	
unto	
with	
,	
a	
,	
14	
men	
enemy	
were	
were	
be	
the	
threatened	
fall	
he	
worshipping	
.	
bring	
thee	
,	
speak	
with	
the	
,	
22	
the	
shall	
against	
seed	
[	
some	
with	
[	
a	
encamp	
stoop	
the	
thy	
for	
enlarged	
for	
hath	
upon	
to	
no	
.	
a	
yea	
unto	
king	
evil	
years	
no	
and	
i	
thee	
under	
sleep	
me	
.	
place	
vain	
new	
weapon	
set	
went	
a	
the	
.	
his	
ha	
the	
,	
upon	
and	
doubt	
are	
the	
his	
by	
,	
:	
,	
;	
so	
26	
by	
smitten	
i	
with	
unto	
shall	
man	
despise	
birth	
,	
to	
through	
not	
me	
have	
,	
]	
;	
discord	
the	
the	
;	
rakkath	
and	
and	
,	
[	
they	
sons	
is	
the	
but	
their	
,	
,	
and	
out	
left	
[	
her	
be	
the	
shall	
till	
,	
;	
:	
:	
therein	
i	
,	
me	
up	
by	
hold	
shall	
upon	
at	
tetrarch	
heart	
in	
not	
his	
them	
;	
that	
having	
year	
to	
with	
to	
no	
unto	
of	
the	
,	
as	
the	
out	
out	
hold	
why	
come	
desire	
be	
.	
in	
against	
them	
gift	
before	
and	
,	
.	
reigned	
.	
lavers	
ye	
body	
are	
[	
,	
.	
and	
of	
the	
sons	
followed	
,	
with	
before	
the	
were	
seed	
,	
shur	
which	
the	
,	
israel	
let	
the	
shall	
the	
fall	
[	
in	
:	
the	
,	
therein	
unto	
be	
and	
1	
1	
?	
of	
their	
were	
me	
son	
.	
his	
made	
8	
the	
gilead	
him	
to	
spareth	
,	
them	
and	
and	
:	
and	
up	
:	
name	
,	
and	
attained	
,	
;	
to	
[	
,	
in	
walked	
:	
committed	
and	
and	
,	
us	
him	
the	
,	
you	
and	
forgiveness	
named	
that	
them	
with	
believeth	
,	
the	
down	
him	
up	
days	
.	
;	
till	
heart	
?	
therefore	
,	
3	
omri	
.	
everlasting	
through	
and	
be	
,	
with	
,	
servant	
feeble	
,	
up	
son	
is	
their	
all	
home	
the	
himself	
the	
days	
desolation	
son	
,	
unto	
unto	
remnant	
;	
[	
him	
iniquity	
,	
up	
to	
at	
love	
[	
,	
,	
left	
the	
her	
one	
at	
thou	
to	
and	
[	
high	
[	
1	
1	
moab	
sufficient	
with	
before	
,	
to	
in	
]	
the	
upon	
to	
,	
hold	
this	
[	
not	
14	
hemam	
italy	
the	
the	
ye	
became	
:	
unto	
about	
to	
children	
and	
[	
coat	
:	
and	
was	
the	
and	
and	
[	
isaiah	
:	
to	
this	
my	
in	
the	
,	
up	
was	
howl	
wash	
he	
i	
also	
into	
[	
to	
uncle	
filled	
the	
,	
dust	
are	
like	
and	
helez	
;	
them	
[	
for	
impenitent	
done	
ministered	
these	
against	
he	
,	
him	
,	
him	
delivered	
.	
here	
many	
,	
of	
the	
his	
three	
.	
and	
,	
[	
unto	
of	
head	
.	
thee	
,	
their	
them	
fell	
glorious	
,	
put	
breath	
portion	
at	
his	
me	
all	
41	
the	
be	
sons	
and	
thy	
[	
,	
to	
the	
there	
good	
of	
thou	
reign	
an	
had	
this	
[	
and	
the	
her	
a	
their	
near	
shall	
before	
she	
him	
from	
by	
weeping	
1	
saith	
congregation	
or	
brethren	
?	
thee	
her	
[	
in	
:	
also	
to	
servant	
with	
of	
:	
seeing	
.	
be	
this	
cry	
hedges	
voice	
.	
being	
iron	
[	
with	
?	
herds	
all	
;	
[	
are	
,	
his	
blessed	
of	
.	
[	
to	
their	
to	
uriah	
,	
themselves	
and	
the	
them	
thee	
,	
2	
,	
for	
were	
s	
,	
is	
,	
her	
eyes	
a	
be	
up	
,	
sworn	
:	
man	
filled	
wife	
the	
gates	
and	
of	
all	
yearned	
of	
keeper	
up	
;	
woman	
.	
.	
the	
.	
mount	
and	
into	
my	
the	
10	
me	
18	
[	
me	
he	
s	
,	
of	
hard	
and	
eleasah	
is	
off	
in	
the	
for	
and	
of	
away	
try	
because	
26	
with	
cannot	
thy	
19	
as	
;	
trees	
he	
the	
the	
.	
my	
wind	
to	
calve	
the	
things	
me	
they	
was	
,	
,	
for	
to	
things	
thine	
himself	
the	
thou	
field	
of	
and	
in	
,	
and	
were	
,	
not	
offerings	
[	
that	
light	
we	
set	
:	
,	
the	
his	
,	
sweetness	
great	
you	
that	
1	
;	
of	
wisdom	
;	
them	
together	
of	
,	
and	
honey	
but	
i	
,	
.	
others	
,	
men	
the	
both	
,	
men	
ever	
thee	
jotbah	
me	
let	
himself	
upon	
from	
so	
as	
spirit	
their	
,	
,	
up	
the	
,	
highminded	
:	
neither	
.	
,	
thy	
with	
i	
:	
the	
have	
them	
,	
infirmity	
enemy	
[	
4	
love	
.	
works	
thy	
'	
saying	
was	
8	
all	
sherebiah	
11	
looketh	
me	
you	
wisely	
of	
of	
the	
from	
not	
before	
.	
portions	
laugh	
what	
shall	
,	
in	
prince	
have	
his	
after	
all	
in	
broken	
unto	
.	
my	
advice	
.	
that	
,	
and	
every	
hand	
about	
things	
men	
from	
,	
many	
the	
with	
.	
unto	
,	
.	
in	
spirit	
his	
wind	
with	
again	
.	
her	
the	
me	
from	
,	
,	
and	
ephod	
her	
and	
,	
shall	
one	
grief	
in	
solomon	
to	
of	
the	
up	
for	
,	
:	
consumption	
more	
this	
from	
that	
embrace	
thee	
shall	
2	
you	
all	
[	
11	
thine	
the	
this	
me	
ride	
the	
abhor	
himself	
unto	
back	
,	
and	
that	
so	
was	
in	
as	
his	
;	
to	
his	
him	
.	
did	
king	
god	
his	
the	
[	
heaven	
before	
the	
.	
was	
of	
shall	
his	
,	
throne	
spirits	
further	
chariots	
of	
lifted	
behind	
cloud	
bemoaning	
the	
by	
begging	
?	
[	
and	
us	
,	
with	
his	
abraham	
father	
herbs	
his	
from	
my	
chance	
rule	
i	
abraham	
[	
thou	
to	
in	
and	
,	
exalted	
lest	
his	
words	
years	
lives	
unto	
;	
;	
from	
speaking	
then	
the	
him	
peace	
he	
up	
and	
[	
,	
which	
spring	
[	
the	
constantly	
the	
away	
with	
to	
and	
pleasant	
yourselves	
have	
he	
[	
,	
,	
and	
[	
wrought	
down	
the	
,	
.	
after	
her	
her	
with	
unto	
away	
[	
unto	
will	
,	
his	
of	
by	
of	
.	
,	
.	
his	
destroy	
thy	
of	
make	
meats	
and	
one	
,	
52	
himself	
kept	
.	
that	
of	
is	
the	
.	
therefore	
ye	
could	
bigtha	
from	
azariah	
,	
.	
up	
and	
grate	
earrings	
so	
?	
4	
of	
with	
thousand	
me	
32	
more	
.	
,	
fear	
,	
the	
and	
2	
.	
at	
stubble	
mine	
out	
,	
it	
,	
getteth	
unto	
them	
that	
trees	
my	
the	
unto	
them	
.	
of	
thee	
,	
the	
,	
those	
and	
that	
with	
be	
38	
she	
and	
men	
deep	
bread	
to	
and	
on	
after	
and	
,	
wars	
by	
up	
me	
the	
his	
[	
off	
is	
the	
.	
to	
yourselves	
his	
,	
the	
us	
him	
thou	
the	
so	
thing	
with	
not	
again	
:	
.	
and	
height	
,	
then	
,	
without	
savour	
shall	
not	
them	
,	
hearts	
were	
in	
preached	
and	
him	
inheritance	
in	
[	
16	
widows	
are	
and	
affection	
power	
9	
her	
s	
me	
me	
i	
taught	
34	
fathers	
them	
laish	
it	
thou	
it	
you	
'	
even	
,	
the	
but	
[	
,	
thy	
,	
s	
save	
the	
,	
our	
chariots	
unto	
the	
,	
i	
[	
as	
all	
thyself	
by	
a	
down	
,	
;	
and	
:	
.	
as	
them	
with	
which	
the	
to	
also	
an	
us	
the	
,	
2	
,	
from	
up	
that	
broken	
thou	
disciples	
the	
hated	
.	
9	
under	
,	
merry	
,	
.	
?	
therefore	
no	
her	
?	
1	
the	
;	
for	
;	
gained	
and	
,	
thou	
doves	
eyes	
42	
the	
abominations	
was	
vessel	
is	
the	
:	
,	
asunder	
of	
unto	
the	
,	
on	
of	
down	
,	
,	
seventy	
image	
himself	
himself	
up	
thirsty	
,	
to	
on	
his	
over	
down	
from	
;	
withered	
again	
unto	
dead	
of	
of	
off	
with	
for	
me	
and	
and	
still	
these	
the	
.	
the	
,	
son	
upon	
them	
waters	
us	
the	
,	
the	
[	
of	
it	
and	
zadok	
strength	
in	
was	
.	
there	
,	
before	
.	
,	
in	
in	
my	
their	
hast	
unto	
kings	
continually	
of	
before	
them	
,	
me	
crowns	
forty	
of	
mind	
,	
of	
john	
[	
hundred	
his	
.	
,	
;	
.	
the	
incense	
of	
this	
of	
,	
their	
days	
second	
her	
his	
the	
,	
among	
the	
them	
cymbals	
in	
have	
.	
our	
their	
,	
son	
not	
,	
?	
,	
gospel	
things	
s	
,	
women	
from	
21	
oil	
him	
he	
unto	
:	
all	
thyself	
the	
daniel	
17	
shall	
bringeth	
the	
christ	
helps	
wrought	
from	
places	
come	
the	
these	
near	
,	
nigh	
,	
.	
strive	
shewed	
9	
.	
the	
god	
a	
smote	
all	
furbish	
[	
eaten	
out	
and	
thee	
for	
them	
he	
thy	
all	
nor	
the	
8	
david	
followed	
rejoice	
33	
a	
shields	
feast	
and	
,	
the	
for	
their	
,	
out	
i	
themselves	
into	
my	
,	
and	
were	
they	
of	
a	
the	
